title,author,description,genres,pages,rating
Mere Christianity,C.S. Lewis,"Mere Christianity is C.S. Lewis's forceful and accessible doctrine of Christian belief. First heard as informal radio broadcasts and then published as three separate books — The Case for Christianity, Christian Behavior, and Beyond Personality — Mere Christianity brings together what Lewis saw as the fundamental truths of the religion. Rejecting the boundaries that divide Christianity's many denominations, C.S. Lewis finds a common ground on which all those who have Christian faith can stand together, proving that ""at the centre of each there is something, or a Someone, who against all divergences of belief, all differences of temperament, all memories of mutual persecution, speaks the same voice.""","{'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Nonfiction'}","98 pages, Kindle Edition",4.35
The Screwtape Letters,C.S. Lewis,"The Screwtape Letters by C.S.  Lewis is a classic masterpiece of religious satire that entertains readers with its sly and ironic portrayal of human life and foibles from the vantage point of Screwtape, a highly placed assistant to ""Our Father Below."" At once wildly comic, deadly serious, and strikingly original, C.S. Lewis's The Screwtape Letters is the most engaging account of temptation—and triumph over it—ever written. ","{'Theology', 'Religion', 'Fantasy', 'Classics', 'Christianity', 'Fiction', 'Christian'}","222 pages, Kindle Edition",4.26
The Great Divorce,C.S. Lewis,"Alternative cover for ISBN: 978-0-00-746123-3C.S. Lewis’ The Great Divorce is a classic Christian allegorical tale about a bus ride from hell to heaven. An extraordinary meditation upon good and evil, grace and judgment, Lewis’s revolutionary idea in the The Great Divorce is that the gates of Hell are locked from the inside. Using his extraordinary descriptive powers, Lewis’ The Great Divorce will change the way we think about good and evil.","{'Theology', 'Religion', 'Fantasy', 'Classics', 'Fiction', 'Christianity', 'Christian'}","146 pages, Paperback",4.30
Confessions,Augustine of Hippo,"Augustine's Confessions is one of the most influential and most innovative works of Latin literature. Written in the author's early forties in the last years of the fourth century A.D. and during his first years as a bishop, they reflect on his life and on the activity of remembering and interpreting a life. Books I-IV are concerned with infancy and learning to talk, schooldays, sexual desire and adolescent rebellion, intense friendships and intellectual exploration. Augustine evolves and analyses his past with all the resources of the reading which shaped his mind: Virgil and Cicero, Neoplatonism and the Bible. This volume, which aims to be usable by students who are new to Augustine, alerts readers to the verbal echoes and allusions of Augustine's brilliant and varied Latin, and explains his theological and philosophical questioning of what God is and what it is to be human. The edition is intended for use by students and scholars of Latin literature, theology and Church history.","{'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Philosophy', 'Biography', 'Nonfiction'}","341 pages, Paperback",3.95
The Problem of Pain,C.S. Lewis,"For centuries people have been tormented by one question above all: If God is good and all-powerful, why does he allow his creatures to suffer pain? And what of the suffering of animals, who neither deserve pain nor can be improved by it?The greatest Christian thinker of our time sets out to disentangle this knotty issue. With his signature wealth of compassion and insight, C. S. Lewis offers answers to these crucial questions and shares his hope and wisdom to help heal a world hungry for a true understanding of human nature.","{'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","162 pages, Paperback",4.12
The Pilgrim's Progress,John Bunyan,"This famous story of man's progress through life in search of salvation remains one of the most entertaining allegories of faith ever written. Set against realistic backdrops of town and country, the powerful drama of the pilgrim's trials and temptations follows him in his harrowing journey to the Celestial City.Along a road filled with monsters and spiritual terrors, Christian confronts such emblematic characters as Worldly Wiseman, Giant Despair, Talkative, Ignorance, and the demons of the Valley of the Shadow of Death. But he is also joined by Hopeful and Faithful.An enormously influential 17th-century classic, universally known for its simplicity, vigor, and beauty of language, The Pilgrim's Progress remains one of the most widely read books in the English language.","{'Christian Fiction', 'Theology', 'Religion', 'Fiction', 'Classics', 'Christianity', 'Christian'}","324 pages, Paperback",4.04
A Grief Observed,C.S. Lewis,"Written with love, humility, and faith, this brief but poignant volume was first published in 1961 and concerns the death of C. S. Lewis's wife, the American-born poet Joy Davidman. In her introduction to this new edition, Madeleine L'Engle writes: ""I am grateful to Lewis for having the courage to yell, to doubt, to kick at God in angry violence. This is a part of a healthy grief which is not often encouraged. It is helpful indeed that C. S. Lewis, who has been such a successful apologist for Christianity, should have the courage to admit doubt about what he has so superbly proclaimed. It gives us permission to admit our own doubts, our own angers and anguishes, and to know that they are part of the soul's growth.""Written in longhand in notebooks that Lewis found in his home, A Grief Observed probes the ""mad midnight moments"" of Lewis's mourning and loss, moments in which he questioned what he had previously believed about life and death, marriage, and even God. Indecision and self-pity assailed Lewis. ""We are under the harrow and can't escape,"" he writes. ""I know that the thing I want is exactly the thing I can never get. The old life, the jokes, the drinks, the arguments, the lovemaking, the tiny, heartbreaking commonplace."" Writing A Grief Observed as ""a defense against total collapse, a safety valve,"" he came to recognize that ""bereavement is a universal and integral part of our experience of love.""Lewis writes his statement of faith with precision, humor, and grace. Yet neither is Lewis reluctant to confess his continuing doubts and his awareness of his own human frailty. This is precisely the quality which suggests that A Grief Observed may become ""among the great devotional books of our age.""","{'Theology', 'Memoir', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Christianity', 'Nonfiction', 'Christian'}","76 pages, Paperback",4.21
The Cost of Discipleship,Dietrich Bonhoeffer,"One of the most important theologians of the twentieth century illuminates the relationship between ourselves and the teachings of Jesus in this classic text on ethics, humanism, and civic duty.What can the call to discipleship, the adherence to the word of Jesus, mean today to the businessman, the soldier, the laborer, or the aristocrat? What did Jesus mean to say to us? What is his will for us today? Drawing on the Sermon on the Mount, Dietrich Bonhoeffer answers these timeless questions by providing a seminal reading of the dichotomy between ""cheap grace"" and ""costly grace."" ""Cheap grace,"" Bonhoeffer wrote, ""is the grace we bestow on ourselves...grace without discipleship....Costly grace is the gospel which must be sought again and again, the girl which must be asked for, the door at which a man must know....It is costly because it costs a man his life, and it is grace because it gives a man the only true life.""The Cost of Discipleship is a compelling statement of the demands of sacrifice and ethical consistency from a man whose life and thought were exemplary articulations of a new type of leadership inspired by the Gospel, and imbued with the spirit of Christian humanism and a creative sense of civic duty.","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","320 pages, Paperback",4.29
Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality,Donald Miller,"Librarian's note: See alternate cover edition of ISBN 0785263705 here.""I never liked jazz music because jazz music doesn't resolve. I used to not like God because God didn't resolve. But that was before any of this happened."" ―Donald MillerIn Donald Miller's early years, he was vaguely familiar with a distant God. But when he came to know Jesus Christ, he pursued the Christian life with great zeal. Within a few years he had a successful ministry that ultimately left him feeling empty, burned out, and, once again, far away from God. In this intimate, soul-searching account, Miller describes his remarkable journey back to a culturally relevant, infinitely loving God.For anyone wondering if the Christian faith is still relevant in a postmodern culture.For anyone thirsting for a genuine encounter with a God who is real.For anyone yearning for a renewed sense of passion in  life.Blue Like Jazz is a fresh and original perspective on life, love, and redemption.","{'Spirituality', 'Memoir', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christian'}","243 pages, Paperback",3.90
The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?,Rick Warren,"A #1 New York Times bestseller, The Purpose Driven Life will help you understand why you are alive and reveal God's amazing plan for you both here and now, and for eternity. Rick Warren will guide you through a personal forty-day spiritual journey that will transform your answer to life's most important question: What on earth am I here for? Knowing God's purpose for creating you will reduce your stress, focus your energy, simplify your decisions, give meaning to your life, and most important, prepare you for eternity. Movie stars and political leaders aren't the only ones turning to Rick Warren for spiritual guidance. Millions of people from NBA and LPGA players to corporate executives to high school students to prison inmates meet regularly to discuss The Purpose Driven Life.","{'Self Help', 'Spirituality', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","336 pages, Paperback",3.96
Surprised by Joy: The Shape of My Early Life,C.S. Lewis,"Surprised by Joy: The Shape of My Early Life is a partial autobiography describing Lewis' conversion to Christianity. The book overall contains less detail concerning specific events than typical autobiographies. This is because his purpose in writing wasn't primarily historical. His aim was to identify & describe the events surrounding his accidental discovery of & consequent search for the phenomenon he labelled ""Joy"". This word was the best translation he could make of the German idea of Sehnsucht, longing. That isn't to say the book is devoid of information about his life. He recounts his early years with a measure of amusement sometimes mixed with pain. However, while he does describe his life, the principal theme of the book is Joy as he defined it. This Joy was a longing so intense for something so good & so high up it couldn't be explained with words. He's struck with ""stabs of joy"" throughout life. He finally finds what it's for at the end. He writes about his experiences at Malvern College in 1913, aged 15. Though he described the school as ""a very furnace of impure loves"" he defended the practice as being ""the only chink left thru which something spontaneous & uncalculating could creep in."" The book's last two chapters cover the end of his search as he moves from atheism to theism & then from theism to Christianity. He ultimately discovers the true nature & purpose of Joy & its place in his own life. The book isn't connected with his unexpected marriage in later life to Joy Gresham. The marriage occurred long after the period described, though not long after the book was published. His friends were quick to notice the coincidence, remarking he'd really been ""Surprised by Joy"". ""Surprised by Joy"" is also an allusion to Wordsworth's poem, ""Surprised by Joy-Impatient As The Wind"", relating an incident when Wordsworth forgot the death of his beloved daughter.","{'Theology', 'Christian', 'Memoir', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Biography', 'Nonfiction'}","185 pages, Paperback",4.06
The Shack,William Paul Young,"Mackenzie Allen Philips' youngest daughter, Missy, has been abducted during a family vacation and evidence that she may have been brutally murdered is found in an abandoned shack deep in the Oregon wilderness. Four years later in the midst of his Great Sadness, Mack receives a suspicious note, apparently from God, inviting him back to that shack for a weekend. Against his better judgment he arrives at the shack on a wintry afternoon and walks back into his darkest nightmare. What he finds there will change Mack's world forever.In a world where religion seems to grow increasingly irrelevant The Shack wrestles with the timeless question, ""Where is God in a world so filled with unspeakable pain?"" The answers Mack gets will astound you and perhaps transform you as much as it did him. You'll want everyone you know to read this book!","{'Christian Fiction', 'Spirituality', 'Inspirational', 'Religion', 'Fiction', 'Faith', 'Christian'}","294 pages, Kindle Edition",3.81
The Abolition of Man,C.S. Lewis,"Alternative cover for ISBN: 978-0060652944The Abolition of Man, Lewis uses his graceful prose, delightful humor, and keen understanding of the human mind to challenge our notions about how to best teach our children--and ourselves--not merely reading and writing, but also a sense of morality.","{'Theology', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Philosophy', 'Nonfiction', 'Christianity', 'Christian'}","113 pages, Paperback",4.10
The Holy Bible: King James Version,Anonymous,"An Award or Presentation Bible in the King James Version: ideal as a gift or to keep The full text of the Popular size King James or Authorized Version Bible, in a straightforward black imitation leather hardback binding.","{'Reference', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Christianity', 'Nonfiction', 'History', 'Christian'}","1590 pages, Hardcover",4.43
"The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe",C.S. Lewis,"Narnia… the land beyond the wardrobe door, a secret place frozen in eternal winter, a magical country waiting to be set free.Lucy is the first to find the secret of the wardrobe in the professor's mysterious old house. At first her brothers and sister don't believe her when she tells of her visit to the land of Narnia. But soon Edmund, then Peter and Susan step through the wardrobe themselves. In Narnia they find a country buried under the evil enchantment of the White Witch. When they meet the Lion Aslan, they realize they've been called to a great adventure and bravely join the battle to free Narnia from the Witch's sinister spell.","{'Childrens', 'Adventure', 'Middle Grade', 'Fantasy', 'Fiction', 'Classics', 'Young Adult'}","206 pages, Paperback",4.23
The Hiding Place: The Triumphant True Story of Corrie Ten Boom,Corrie ten Boom,"At one time Corrie ten Boom would have laughed at the idea that there would ever be a story to tell. For the first fifty years of her life nothing at all out of the ordinary had ever happened to her. She was an old-maid watchmaker living contentedly with her spinster sister and their elderly father in the tiny Dutch house over their shop. Their uneventful days, as regulated as their own watches, revolved around their abiding love for one another. However, with the Nazi invasion and occupation of Holland, a story did ensue. Corrie ten Boom and her family became leaders in the Dutch Underground, hiding Jewish people in their home in a specially built room and aiding their escape from the Nazis. For their help, all but Corrie found death in a concentration camp. The Hiding Place is their story.","{'Memoir', 'Classics', 'Nonfiction', 'Biography', 'History', 'Holocaust', 'Christian'}","242 pages, Mass Market Paperback",4.45
Knowing God,J.I. Packer,"For over 40 years, J. I. Packer's classic has been an important tool to help Christians around the world discover the wonder, the glory and the joy of knowing God. In 2006, Christianity Today voted this title one of the top 50 books that have shaped evangelicals. This edition is updated with Americanized language and spelling and a new preface by the author. Stemming from Packer's profound theological knowledge, Knowing God brings together two important facets of the Christian faith: 1. Knowing about God and 2. Knowing God through the context of a close relationship with the person of Jesus Christ. Written in an engaging and practical tone, this thought-provoking work seeks to transform and enrich the Christian understanding of God. Explaining both who God is and how we can relate to him, Packer divides his book into three sections: The first directs our attention to how and why we know God, the second to the attributes of God and the third to the benefits enjoyed by a those who know him intimately. This guide leads readers into a greater understanding of God while providing advice to gaining a closer relationship with him as a result.","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","286 pages, Paperback",4.31
The Imitation of Christ,Thomas à Kempis,"Only the Bible has been more influential as a source of Christian devotional reading than The Imitation of Christ. This meditation on the spiritual life has inspired readers from Thomas More and St. Ignatius Loyola to Thomas Merton and Pope John Paul I. Written by the Augustinian monk Thomas à Kempis between 1420 and 1427, it contains clear instructions for renouncing wordly vanities and locating eternal truths. No book has more explicitly and movingly described the Christian ideal:","{'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Christianity', 'Nonfiction', 'Christian'}","242 pages, Paperback",4.20
The Weight of Glory,C.S. Lewis,"The classic Weight of Glory by C.S. Lewis, the most important Christian writer of the 20th century, contains nine sermons delivered by Lewis during World War Two. The nine addresses in Weight of Glory offer guidance, inspiration, and a compassionate apologetic for the Christian faith during a time of great doubt.","{'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Nonfiction'}","208 pages, Paperback",4.37
Radical: Taking Back Your Faith from the American Dream,David     Platt,"What is Jesus worth to you?It's easy for American Christians to forget how Jesus said his followers would actually live, what their new lifestyle would actually look like. They would, he said, leave behind security, money, convenience, even family for him. They would abandon everything for the gospel. They would take up their crosses daily...But who do you know who lives like that? Do you?In Radical , David Platt challenges you to consider with an open heart how we have manipulated the gospel to fit our cultural preferences. He shows what Jesus actually said about being his disciple--then invites you to believe and obey what you have heard. And he tells the dramatic story of what is happening as a ""successful"" suburban church decides to get serious about the gospel according to Jesus.Finally, he urges you to join in The Radical Experiment--a one-year journey in authentic discipleship that will transform how you live in a world that desperately needs the Good News Jesus came to bring.","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","230 pages, Paperback",4.18
The Prodigal God: Recovering the Heart of the Christian Faith,Timothy J. Keller,"Newsweek called renowned minister Timothy Keller ""a C. S. Lewis for the twenty-first century"" in a feature on his first book, The Reason for God. In that book, he offered a rational explanation of why we should believe in God. Now, in The Prodigal God, he uses one of the best-known Christian parables to reveal an unexpected message of hope and salvation.Taking his trademark intellectual approach to understanding Christianity, Keller uncovers the essential message of Jesus, locked inside his most familiar parable. Within that parable Jesus reveals God's prodigal grace toward both the irreligious and the moralistic. This book will challenge both the devout and skeptics to see Christianity in a whole new way.Look out for Timothy Keller's latest book, The Songs of Jesus, coming from Viking on November 10, 2015.","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","139 pages, Hardcover",4.41
The Practice of the Presence of God,Brother Lawrence,"Alternative cover edition of ISBN 0883681056 can be found hereBrother Lawrence was a man of humble beginnings who discovered the greatest secret of living in the kingdom of God here on earth. It is the art of “practicing the presence of God in one single act that does not end.” He often stated that it is God who paints Himself in the depths of our souls. We must merely open our hearts to receive Him and His loving presence. As a humble cook, Brother Lawrence learned an important lesson through each daily chore: The time he spent in communion with the Lord should be the same, whether he was bustling around in the kitchen—with several people asking questions at the same time—or on his knees in prayer. He learned to cultivate the deep presence of God so thoroughly in his own heart that he was able to joyfully exclaim, “I am doing now what I will do for all eternity. I am blessing God, praising Him, adoring Him, and loving Him with all my heart.” This unparalleled classic has given both blessing and instruction to those who can be content with nothing less than knowing God in all His majesty and feeling His loving presence throughout each simple day.","{'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","95 pages, Paperback",4.31
Desiring God: Meditations of a Christian Hedonist,John      Piper,"Scripture reveals that the great business of life is to glorify God by enjoying Him forever. In this paradigm-shattering classic, newly revised and expanded, John Piper reveals that the debate between duty and delight doesn't truly Delight is our duty. Readers will embark on a dramatically different and joyful experience of their faithThe pursuit of pleasure is not optional. It is essential.Scripture reveals that the great business of life is to glorify God by enjoying Him forever. In this paradigm-shattering work, John Piper reveals that the debate between duty and delight doesn’t truly Delight is our duty. Join him as he unveils stunning, life-impacting truths you saw in the Bible but never dared to believe.","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","369 pages, Paperback",4.16
Wild at Heart: Discovering the Secret of a Man's Soul,John Eldredge,"God designed men to be dangerous, says John Eldredge. Simply look at the dreams and desires written in the heart of every boy: To be a hero, to be a warrior, to live a life of adventure and risk. Sadly, most men abandon those dreams and desires-aided by a Christianity that feels like nothing more than pressure to be a ""nice guy."" It is no wonder that many men avoid church, and those who go are often passive and bored to death. In this provocative book, Eldredge gives women a look inside the true heart of a man and gives men permission to be what God designed them to be-dangerous, passionate, alive, and free!","{'Christian Living', 'Spirituality', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","236 pages, Kindle Edition",3.93
Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth,Reza Aslan,"From the internationally bestselling author of No god but God comes a fascinating, provocative, and meticulously researched biography that challenges long-held assumptions about the man we know as Jesus of Nazareth. Two thousand years ago, an itinerant Jewish preacher and miracle worker walked across the Galilee, gathering followers to establish what he called the “Kingdom of God.” The revolutionary movement he launched was so threatening to the established order that he was captured, tortured, and executed as a state criminal. Within decades after his shameful death, his followers would call him God. Sifting through centuries of mythmaking, Reza Aslan sheds new light on one of history’s most influential and enigmatic characters by examining Jesus through the lens of the tumultuous era in which he lived: first-century Palestine, an age awash in apocalyptic fervor. Scores of Jewish prophets, preachers, and would-be messiahs wandered through the Holy Land, bearing messages from God. This was the age of zealotry—a fervent nationalism that made resistance to the Roman occupation a sacred duty incumbent on all Jews. And few figures better exemplified this principle than the charismatic Galilean who defied both the imperial authorities and their allies in the Jewish religious hierarchy. Balancing the Jesus of the Gospels against the historical sources, Aslan describes a man full of conviction and passion, yet rife with contradiction; a man of peace who exhorted his followers to arm themselves with swords; an exorcist and faith healer who urged his disciples to keep his identity a secret; and ultimately the seditious “King of the Jews” whose promise of liberation from Rome went unfulfilled in his brief lifetime. Aslan explores the reasons why the early Christian church preferred to promulgate an image of Jesus as a peaceful spiritual teacher rather than a politically conscious revolutionary. And he grapples with the riddle of how Jesus understood himself, the mystery that is at the heart of all subsequent claims about his divinity. Zealot yields a fresh perspective on one of the greatest stories ever told even as it affirms the radical and transformative nature of Jesus of Nazareth’s life and mission. The result is a thought-provoking, elegantly written biography with the pulse of a fast-paced novel: a singularly brilliant portrait of a man, a time, and the birth of a religion.","{'Audiobook', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Biography', 'History', 'Nonfiction'}","296 pages, Hardcover",3.85
The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God,Timothy J. Keller,"Renowned pastor of New York’s Redeemer Presbyterian Church and author of The Songs of Jesus, Timothy Keller with his wife of 36 years, delivers The Meaning of Marriage, an extraordinarily insightful look at the keys to happiness in marriage that will inspire Christians, skeptics, singles, long-time married couples, and those about to be engaged.Modern culture would make you believe that everyone has a soul-mate; that romance is the most important part of a successful marriage; that your spouse is there to help you realize your potential; that marriage does not mean forever, but merely for now; that starting over after a divorce is the best solution to seemingly intractable marriage issues. All those modern-day assumptions are, in a word, wrong.Using the Bible as his guide, coupled with insightful commentary from his wife of thirty-six years, Kathy, Timothy Keller shows that God created marriage to bring us closer to him and to bring us more joy in our lives. It is a glorious relationship that is also the most misunderstood and mysterious. With a clear-eyed understanding of the Bible, and meaningful instruction on how to have a successful marriage, The Meaning of Marriage is essential reading for anyone who wants to know God and love more deeply in this life.","{'Relationships', 'Theology', 'Marriage', 'Christian', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","288 pages, Hardcover",4.48
Forgotten God: Reversing Our Tragic Neglect of the Holy Spirit,Francis Chan,"A follow up to the profound message of Crazy Love , Pastor Francis Chan offers a compelling invitation to understand, embrace, and follow the Holy Spirit’s direction in our lives. In the name of the Father, the Son, and … the Holy Spirit. We pray in the name of all three, but how often do we live with an awareness of only the first two? As Jesus ascended into heaven, He promised to send the Holy Spirit—the Helper—so that we could be true and living witnesses for Christ. Unfortunately, today’s church has admired the gift but neglected to open it. Breakthrough author Francis Chan rips away paper and bows to get at the true source of the church’s power—the Holy Spirit. Chan contends that we’ve ignored the Spirit for far too long, and we are reaping the disastrous results. Thorough scriptural support and compelling narrative form Chan’s invitation to stop and remember the One we’ve forgotten, the Spirit of the living God.","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","167 pages, Paperback",4.12
Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community,Dietrich Bonhoeffer,"After his martyrdom at the hands of the Gestapo in 1945, Dietrich Bonhoeffer continued his witness in the hearts of Christians around the world. His Letters and Papers from Prison became a prized testimony to Christian faith and courage, read by thousands. Now in Life Together we have Pastor Bonheoffer's experience of Christian community. This story of a unique fellowship in an underground seminary during the Nazi years reads like one of Paul's letters. It gives practical advice on how life together in Christ can be sustained in families and groups. The role of personal prayer, worship in common, everyday work, and Christian service is treated in simple, almost biblical, words. Life Together is bread for all who are hungry for the real life of Christian fellowship. 'When I think of Dietrich Bonhoeffer, some words Gorky used of Tolstoy come into my mind---'Look what a wonderful man is living on the earth.''---MALCOM MUGGERIDGE, author of Jesus","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","122 pages, Paperback",4.26
My Utmost for His Highest,Oswald Chambers,"For nearly seventy-five years, countless millions of Christians the world over have trusted the spiritual companionship of Oswald Chambers’s daily devotional, My Utmost for His Highest. These brief scripture-based readings—by turns comforting and challenging—will draw you into God’s presence and form you as a disciple of the Risen Lord. You’ll treasure their insight, still fresh and vital. And you’ll discover what it means to offer God your very best for His greatest purpose—to truly offer Him your utmost for His highest. This edition includes Chambers’s text, updated by editor James Reimann, along with helpful subject and scripture indexes.","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","400 pages, Paperback",4.38
Celebration of Discipline: The Path to Spiritual Growth,Richard J. Foster,"Hailed by many as the best modern book on Christian spirituality, Celebration of Discipline has helped more than one million seekers discover a richer spiritual life infused with joy, peace, and a deeper understanding of God. Celebration of Discipline explores the 'classic disciplines,' or central spiritual practices, of the Christian faith. Along the way, Foster shows that it is only by and through these practices that the true path to spiritual growth can be found. Dividing the disciplines into three movements of the Spirit, Foster shows how each of these areas contribute to a more balanced spiritual life. The inward disciplines of meditation, prayer, fasting, and study offer avenues of personal examination and change. The outward disciplines of simplicity, solitude, submission, and service help prepare us to make the world a better place. The corporate disciplines of confession, worship, guidance, and celebration bring us nearer to one another and to God. Foster provides a wealth of examples demonstrating how these disciplines can become part of our daily activities--and how they can help us shed our superficial habits and 'bring the abundance of God into our lives.' He offers crucial new insights on simplicity, demonstrating how the biblical view of simplicity, properly understood and applied, brings joy and balance to our inward and outward lives and 'sets us free to enjoy the provision of God as a gift that can be shared with others.' The discussion of celebration, often the most neglected of the disciplines, shows its critical importance, for it stands at the heart of the way to Christ. Celebration of discipline will help motivate Christians everywhere to embark on a journey of prayer and spiritual growth.","{'Christian Living', 'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","227 pages, Hardcover",4.19
"Bonhoeffer: Pastor, Martyr, Prophet, Spy",Eric Metaxas,"As Adolf Hitler and the Nazis seduced a nation, bullied a continent, and attempted to exterminate the Jews of Europe, a small number of dissidents and saboteurs worked to dismantle the Third Reich from the inside. One of these was Dietrich Bonhoeffer--a pastor and author, known as much for such spiritual classics as ""The Cost of Discipleship ""and ""Life Together,"" as for his 1945 execution in a concentration camp for his part in the plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler.In the first major biography of Bonhoeffer in forty years, ""New York Times"" best-selling author Eric Metaxas takes both strands of Bonhoeffer's life―the theologian and the spy―to tell a searing story of incredible moral courage in the face of monstrous evil. In a deeply moving narrative, Metaxas uses previously unavailable documents―including personal letters, detailed journal entries, and firsthand personal accounts―to reveal dimensions of Bonhoeffer's life and theology never before seen.In ""Bonhoeffer: Pastor, Martyr, Prophet, Spy""―""A Righteous Gentile vs the Third Reich,"" Metaxas presents the fullest accounting of Bonhoeffer's heart-wrenching 1939 decision to leave the safe haven of America for Hitler's Germany, and using extended excerpts from love letters and coded messages written to and from Bonhoeffer's Cell 92, Metaxas tells for the first time the full story of Bonhoeffer's passionate and tragic romance.Readers will discover fresh insights and revelations about his life-changing months at the Abyssinian Baptist Church in Harlem and about his radical position on why Christians are obliged to stand up for the Jews. Metaxas also sheds new light on Bonhoeffer's reaction to Kristallnacht, his involvement in the famous Valkyrie plot and in ""Operation 7,"" the effort to smuggle Jews into neutral Switzerland.""Bonhoeffer"" gives witness to one man's extraordinary faith and to the tortured fate of the nation he sought to deliver from the curse of Nazism. It brings the reader face to face with a man determined to do the will of God radically, courageously, and joyfully―even to the point of death. ""Bonhoeffer"" is the story of a life framed by a passion for truth and a commitment to justice on behalf of those who face implacable evil.","{'Theology', 'Religion', 'Nonfiction', 'Christianity', 'Biography', 'History', 'Christian'}","608 pages, Hardcover",4.21
What's So Amazing About Grace?,Philip Yancey,"Original Cover Edition for ISBN 0310245656In 1987, an IRA bomb buried Gordon Wilson and his twenty-year-old daughter beneath five feet of rubble. Gordon alone survived. And forgave. He said of the bombers, ' I have lost my daughter, but I bear no grudge . . . I shall pray, tonight and every night, that God will forgive them.' His words caught the media's ears  and out of one man's grief, the world got a glimpse of grace. Grace is the church's great distinctive. It's the one thing the world cannot duplicate, and the one thing it craves above all else  for only grace can bring hope and transformation to a jaded world. In What's So Amazing About Grace? award-winning author Philip Yancey explores grace at street level. If grace is God's love for the undeserving, he asks, then what does it look like in action? And if Christians are its sole dispensers, then how are we doing at lavishing grace on a world that knows far more of cruelty and unforgiveness than it does of mercy? Yancey sets grace in the midst of life's stark images, tests its mettle against horrific 'ungrace.' Can grace survive in the midst of such atrocities as the Nazi holocaust? Can it triumph over the brutality of the Ku Klux Klan? Should any grace at all be shown to the likes of Jeffrey Dahmer, who killed and cannibalized seventeen young men? Grace does not excuse sin, says Yancey, but it treasures the sinner. True grace is shocking, scandalous. It shakes our conventions with its insistence on getting close to sinners and touching them with mercy and hope. It forgives the unfaithful spouse, the racist, the child abuser. It loves today's AIDS-ridden addict as much as the tax collector of Jesus' day. In his most personal and provocative book ever, Yancey offers compelling, true portraits of grace's life-changing power. He searches for its presence in his own life and in the church. He asks, How can Christians contend graciously with moral issues that threaten all they hold dear? And he challenges us to become living answers to a world that desperately wants to know, What's So Amazing About Grace?","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","300 pages, Paperback",4.18
"Seeking Allah, Finding Jesus: A Devout Muslim Encounters Christianity",Nabeel Qureshi,"An Unexpected Journey from Islam to Christianity In Seeking Allah, Finding Jesus, Nabeel Qureshi describes his dramatic journey from Islam to Christianity, complete with friendships, investigations, and supernatural dreams along the way. Providing an intimate window into a loving Muslim home, Qureshi shares how he developed a passion for Islam before discovering, almost against his will, evidence that Jesus rose from the dead and claimed to be God. Unable to deny the arguments but not wanting to deny his family, Qureshi's inner turmoil will challenge Christians and Muslims alike. Engaging and thought-provoking, Seeking Allah, Finding Jesus tells a powerful story of the clash between Islam and Christianity in one man's heart---and of the peace he eventually found in Jesus.","{'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Islam', 'Biography', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","304 pages, Paperback",4.55
The Ragamuffin Gospel,Brennan Manning,"A Furious Love Is Hot on Your Trail!Many believers feel stunted in their Christian growth. We beat ourselves up over our failures and, in the process, pull away from God because we subconsciously believe He tallies our defects and hangs His head in disappointment. In this newly repackaged edition--now with full appendix, study questions, and the author's own epilogue, """"Ragamuffin"" Ten Years Later,"" Brennan Manning reminds us that nothing could be further from the truth. The Father beckons us to Himself with a ""furious love"" that burns brightly and constantly. Only when we truly embrace God's grace can we bask in the joy of a gospel that enfolds the most needy of His flock--the ""ragamuffins.""Are you bedraggled, beat-up, burnt-out?Most of us believe in God's grace--in theory. But somehow we can't seem to apply it in our daily lives. We continue to see Him as a small-minded bookkeeper, tallying our failures and successes on a score sheet.Yet God gives us His grace, willingly, no matter what we've done. We come to Him as ragamuffins--dirty, bedraggled, and beat-up. And when we sit at His feet, He smiles upon us, the chosen objects of His ""furious love.""Brennan Manning 's now-classic meditation on grace and what it takes to access it--simple honesty--has changed thousands of lives. Now with a Ragamuffin's thirty-day spiritual journey guide, it will change yours, too.","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","240 pages, Paperback",4.18
Heaven is for Real: A Little Boy's Astounding Story of His Trip to Heaven and Back,Todd Burpo,"Unglaublich oder erstaunlich? Urteilen Sie selbst: Colton ist vier Jahre alt, als er lebensgefährlich erkrankt und operiert werden muss. Er überlebt um Haaresbreite. Später erzählt er seinen Eltern, dem Pastorenehepaars Todd und Sonja Burpo von erstaunlichen Dingen, die er während dieser Zeit zwischen Leben und Tod gesehen hat. Er berichtet von Tatsachen, die er gar nicht wissen konnte. Coltons Fazit: ""Den Himmel gibt's echt!""","{'Spirituality', 'Inspirational', 'Memoir', 'Religion', 'Nonfiction', 'Biography', 'Christian'}","162 pages, Paperback",4.02
The Magician's Nephew,C.S. Lewis,"The secret passage to the house next door leads to a fascinating adventureNARNIA...where the woods are thick and cold, where Talking Beasts are called to life...a new world where the adventure begins.Digory and Polly meet and become friends one cold, wet summer in London. Their lives burst into adventure when Digory's Uncle Andrew, who thinks he is a magician, sends them hurtling to...somewhere else. They find their way to Narnia, newborn from the Lion's song, and encounter the evil sorceress Jadis before they finally return home.","{'Childrens', 'Adventure', 'Middle Grade', 'Fantasy', 'Fiction', 'Classics', 'Young Adult'}","221 pages, Mass Market Paperback",4.05
Misquoting Jesus: The Story Behind Who Changed the Bible and Why,Bart D. Ehrman,"For almost 1,500 years, the New Testament manuscripts were copied by hand––and mistakes and intentional changes abound in the competing manuscript versions. Religious and biblical scholar Bart Ehrman makes the provocative case that many of our widely held beliefs concerning the divinity of Jesus, the Trinity, and the divine origins of the Bible itself are the results of both intentional and accidental alterations by scribes.In this compelling and fascinating book, Ehrman shows where and why changes were made in our earliest surviving manuscripts, explaining for the first time how the many variations of our cherished biblical stories came to be, and why only certain versions of the stories qualify for publication in the Bibles we read today. Ehrman frames his account with personal reflections on how his study of the Greek manuscripts made him abandon his once ultra–conservative views of the Bible.","{'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'History', 'Nonfiction'}","266 pages, Paperback",3.92
The Everlasting Man,G.K. Chesterton,"What, if anything, is it that makes the human uniquely human? This, in part, is the question that G.K. Chesterton starts with in this classic exploration of human history. Responding to the evolutionary materialism of his contemporary (and antagonist) H.G. Wells, Chesterton in this work affirms human uniqueness and the unique message of the Christian faith. Writing in a time when social Darwinism was rampant, Chesterton instead argued that the idea that society has been steadily progressing from a state of primitivism and barbarity towards civilization is simply and flatly inaccurate. ""Barbarism and civilization were not successive stages in the progress of the world,"" he affirms, with arguments drawn from the histories of both Egypt and Babylon.  As always with Chesterton, there is in this analysis something (as he said of Blake) ""very plain and emphatic."" He sees in Christianity a rare blending of philosophy and mythology, or reason and story, which satisfies both the mind and the heart. On both levels it rings true. As he puts it, ""in answer to the historical query of why it was accepted, and is accepted, I answer for millions of others in my reply; because it fits the lock; because it is like life."" Here, as so often in Chesterton, we sense a lived, awakened faith. All that he writes derives from a keen intellect guided by the heart's own knowledge.","{'Theology', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Philosophy', 'Nonfiction', 'Christianity', 'Christian'}","260 pages, Paperback",4.14
Till We Have Faces,C.S. Lewis,"In this timeless tale of two mortal princesses- one beautiful and one unattractive- C.S. Lewis reworks the classical myth of Cupid and Psyche into an enduring piece of contemporary fiction. This is the story of Orual, Psyche's embittered and ugly older sister, who posessively and harmfully loves Psyche. Much to Orual's frustration, Psyche is loved by Cupid, the god of love himself, setting the troubled Orual on a path of moral development.Set against the backdrop of Glome, a barbaric, pre-Christian world, the struggles between sacred and profane love are illuminated as Orual learns that we cannot understand the intent of the gods ""till we have faces"" and sincerity in our souls and selves.","{'Religion', 'Fantasy', 'Classics', 'Fiction', 'Retellings', 'Mythology', 'Christian'}","313 pages, Paperback",4.18
Paradise Lost,John Milton,"John Milton's Paradise Lost is one of the greatest epic poems in the English language. It tells the story of the Fall of Man, a tale of immense drama and excitement, of rebellion and treachery, of innocence pitted against corruption, in which God and Satan fight a bitter battle for control of mankind's destiny. The struggle rages across three worlds - heaven, hell, and earth - as Satan and his band of rebel angels plot their revenge against God. At the center of the conflict are Adam and Eve, who are motivated by all too human temptations but whose ultimate downfall is unyielding love.Marked by Milton's characteristic erudition, Paradise Lost is a work epic both in scale and, notoriously, in ambition. For nearly 350 years, it has held generation upon generation of audiences in rapt attention, and its profound influence can be seen in almost every corner of Western culture.","{'Religion', 'Fantasy', 'Fiction', 'Classics', 'Philosophy', 'Poetry', 'Literature'}","453 pages, Paperback",3.84
City of God,Augustine of Hippo,"No book except the Bible itself had a greater influence on the Middle Ages than Augustine's City of God. And since medieval Europe was the cradle of modern Western society, this work is vital for understanding our world and how it came into being.","{'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Philosophy', 'History', 'Nonfiction'}","1186 pages, Paperback",3.92
Prince Caspian,C.S. Lewis,"The four Pevensies help Caspian battle Miraz and ascend his rightful throneNARNIA... the land between the lamp-post and the castle of Cair Paravel, where animals talk, where magical things happen... and where the adventure begins.Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy are returning to boarding school when they are summoned from the dreary train station (by Susan's own magic horn) to return to the land of Narnia—the land where they had ruled as kings and queens and where their help is desperately needed.","{'Childrens', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Fiction', 'Classics', 'Young Adult', 'Christian'}","240 pages, Hardcover",3.98
Jesus and John Wayne: How White Evangelicals Corrupted a Faith and Fractured a Nation,Kristin  Kobes Du Mez,"A scholar of American Christianity presents a seventy-five-year history of evangelicalism that identifies the forces that have turned Donald Trump into a hero of the Religious Right.How did a libertine who lacks even the most basic knowledge of the Christian faith win 81 percent of the white evangelical vote in 2016? And why have white evangelicals become a presidential reprobate’s staunchest supporters? These are among the questions acclaimed historian Kristin Kobes Du Mez asks in Jesus and John Wayne, which delves beyond facile headlines to explain how white evangelicals have brought us to our fractured political moment. Challenging the commonly held assumption that the “moral majority” backed Donald Trump for purely pragmatic reasons, Du Mez reveals that Donald Trump in fact represents the fulfillment, rather than the betrayal, of white evangelicals’ most deeply held values.Jesus and John Wayne is a sweeping account of the last seventy-five years of white evangelicalism, showing how American evangelicals have worked for decades to replace the Jesus of the Gospels with an idol of rugged masculinity and Christian nationalism, or in the words of one modern chaplain, with “a spiritual badass.” As Du Mez explains, the key to understanding this transformation is to recognize the role of culture in modern American evangelicalism. Many of today’s evangelicals may not be theologically astute, but they know their VeggieTales, they’ve read John Eldredge’s Wild at Heart, and they learned about purity before they learned about sex—and they have a silver ring to prove it. Evangelical books, films, music, clothing, and merchandise shape the beliefs of millions. And evangelical popular culture is teeming with muscular heroes—mythical warriors and rugged soldiers, men like Oliver North, Ronald Reagan, Mel Gibson, and the Duck Dynasty clan, who assert white masculine power in defense of “Christian America.” Chief among these evangelical legends is John Wayne, an icon of a lost time when men were uncowed by political correctness, unafraid to tell it like it was, and did what needed to be done.Trump, in other words, is hardly the first flashy celebrity to capture evangelicals’ hearts and minds, nor is he the first strongman to promise evangelicals protection and power. Indeed, the values and viewpoints at the heart of white evangelicalism today—patriarchy, authoritarian rule, aggressive foreign policy, fear of Islam, ambivalence toward #MeToo, and opposition to Black Lives Matter and the LGBTQ community—are likely to persist long after Trump leaves office.A much-needed reexamination, Jesus and John Wayne explains why evangelicals have rallied behind the least-Christian president in American history and how they have transformed their faith in the process, with enduring consequences for all of us.","{'Audiobook', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Politics', 'History', 'Nonfiction'}","356 pages, Hardcover",4.32
Love Does: Discover a Secretly Incredible Life in an Ordinary World,Bob Goff,"Now a New York Times Bestseller!As a college student he spent 16 days in the Pacific Ocean with five guys and a crate of canned meat. As a father he took his kids on a world tour to eat ice cream with heads of state. He made friends in Uganda, and they liked him so much he became the Ugandan consul. He pursued his wife for three years before she agreed to date him. His grades weren't good enough to get into law school, so he sat on a bench outside the Dean's office for seven days until they finally let him enroll.Bob Goff has become something of a legend, and his friends consider him the world's best-kept secret. Those same friends have long insisted he write a book. What follows are paradigm shifts, musings, and stories from one of the world's most delightfully engaging and winsome people. What fuels his impact? Love. But it's not the kind of love that stops at thoughts and feelings. Bob's love takes action. Bob believes Love Does.When Love Does, life gets interesting. Each day turns into a hilarious, whimsical, meaningful chance that makes faith simple and real. Each chapter is a story that forms a book, a life. And this is one life you don't want to miss.Light and fun, unique and profound, the lessons drawn from Bob's life and attitude just might inspire you to be secretly incredible, too.","{'Christian Living', 'Self Help', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","224 pages, Paperback",4.30
On the Incarnation,Athanasius of Alexandria,"""This is a good translation of a very great book. ""St Athanasius stood contra mundum for the Trinitarian doctrine 'whole and undefiled,' when it looked as if all the civilized world was slipping back from Christianity into the religion of Arius, into one of those 'sensible' synthetic religions which are so strongly recommended today and which then, as now, included among their devotees many highly cultivated clergymen. The glory of St Athanasius is that he did not move with the times; it is his reward that he now remains when those times, like all others, have passed away. ""When I first opened De Incarnatione I soon discovered by a very simple test that I was reading a masterpiece, for only a mastermind could have written so deeply on such a subject with such classical simplicity"" - C. S. Lewis, from the IntroductionOn the Incarnation is part of the POPULAR PATRISTIC SERIES.","{'Theology', 'Classics', 'Christianity', 'Nonfiction', 'Philosophy', 'Faith', 'Christian'}","120 pages, Paperback",4.30
"Surprised by Hope: Rethinking Heaven, the Resurrection, and the Mission of the Church",N.T. Wright,"In Surprised by Rethinking Heaven, the Resurrection, and the Mission of the Church , top-selling author and Anglican bishop, N.T. Wright tackles the biblical question of what happens after we die and shows how most Christians get it wrong. We do not “go to” heaven; we are resurrected and heaven comes down to earth--a difference that makes all of the difference to how we live on earth. Following N.T. Wright’s resonant exploration of a life of faith in Simply Christian , the award-winning author whom Newsweek calls “the world’s leading New Testament scholar” takes on one of life’s most controversial topics, a matter of life, death, spirituality, and survival for everyone living in the world today. ","{'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christian'}","332 pages, Hardcover",4.30
The Case for Faith: A Journalist Investigates the Toughest Objections to Christianity,Lee Strobel,"Was God telling the truth when he said, ""You will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart""? In his #1 bestseller The Case for Christ, Lee Strobel examined the claims of Christ, reaching the hard-won verdict that Jesus is God's unique son. In The Case for Faith, Strobel turns his skills to the most persistent emotional objections to belief---the eight ""heart barriers"" to faith. This Gold Medallion-winning book is for those who may be feeling attracted to Jesus but who are faced with difficult questions standing squarely in their path. For Christians, it will deepen their convictions and give them fresh confidence in discussing Christianity with even their most skeptical friends. ""Everyone --seekers, doubters, fervent believers-- benefits when Lee Strobel hits the road in search of answers, as he does again in The Case for Faith. In the course of his probing interviews, some of the toughest intellectual obstacles to faith fall away."" --Luis Palau ""Lee Strobel has given believers and skeptics alike a gift in this book. He does not avoid seeking the most difficult questions imaginable, and refuses to provide simplistic answers that do more harm than good."" --Jerry Sittser, professor of religion, Whitworth College, and author of A Grace Disguised and The Will of God as a Way of Life","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","300 pages, Paperback",4.24
The Seven Storey Mountain,Thomas Merton,"One of the most famous books ever written about a man’s search for faith and peace.The Seven Storey Mountain tells of the growing restlessness of a brilliant and passionate young man, who at the age of twenty-six, takes vows in one of the most demanding Catholic orders—the Trappist monks. At the Abbey of Gethsemani, ""the four walls of my new freedom,"" Thomas Merton struggles to withdraw from the world, but only after he has fully immersed himself in it. At the abbey, he wrote this extraordinary testament, a unique spiritual autobiography that has been recognized as one of the most influential religious works of our time. Translated into more than twenty languages, it has touched millions of lives. ","{'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Memoir', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Biography', 'Nonfiction'}","467 pages, Paperback",4.06
The Chronicles of Narnia,C.S. Lewis,"Librarian note: An alternate cover for this edition can be found here: 2005.Journeys to the end of the world, fantastic creatures, and epic battles between good and evil—what more could any reader ask for in one book? The book that has it all is The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, written in 1949 by Clive Staples Lewis. But Lewis did not stop there. Six more books followed, and together they became known as The Chronicles of Narnia.For the past fifty years, The Chronicles of Narnia have transcended the fantasy genre to become part of the canon of classic literature. Each of the seven books is a masterpiece, drawing the reader into a land where magic meets reality, and the result is a fictional world whose scope has fascinated generations.This edition presents all seven books—unabridged—in one impressive volume. The books are presented here in chronlogical order, each chapter graced with an illustration by the original artist, Pauline Baynes. Deceptively simple and direct, The Chronicles of Narnia continue to captivate fans with adventures, characters, and truths that speak to readers of all ages, even fifty years after they were first published.","{'Childrens', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Fiction', 'Classics', 'Young Adult', 'Christian'}","767 pages, Paperback",4.27
The Last Battle,C.S. Lewis,"For the first time, an edition of Lewis's classic fantasy fiction packaged specifically for adults. Complementing the look of the author's non-fiction books, and anticipating the forthcoming Narnia feature films, this edition contains an exclusive ""P.S."" section about the history of the book, plus a round-up of the first six titles. The last days of Narnia, and all hope seems lost as lies and treachery interweave to threaten the destruction of everything. As the battle lines are drawn, old friends are summoned back to Narnia, though none can predict the outcome in this magnificent ending to the famous series. On 9 December 2005, Andrew (Shrek) Adamson's live-action film adaptation of The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe will be released by Disney, and it is already being hailed as the biggest film franchise of all time, guaranteed to appeal to adults and children across the globe. The second film is already in development. Sporting breathtaking new photographic covers, these new adult editions of the seven Chronicles of Narnia now give everyone an opportunity to experience the adventures in their original form. Re-live your childhood fantasies or discover for the first time what everyone will be talking about by Christmas and savour some of the best-loved stories ever written.","{'Childrens', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Classics', 'Fiction', 'Young Adult', 'Christian'}","288 pages, Paperback",4.01
Don't Waste Your Life,John      Piper,"John Piper writes, ""I will tell you what a tragedy is. I will show you how to waste your life. Consider this story from the February 1998 Reader's Digest: A couple 'took early retirement from their jobs in the Northeast five years ago when he was 59 and she was 51. Now they live in Punta Gorda, Florida, where they cruise on their 30-foot trawler, play softball and collect shells. . . .' Picture them before Christ at the great day of judgment: 'Look, Lord. See my shells.' That is a tragedy.""God created us to live with a single passion to joyfully display his supreme excellence in all the spheres of life. The wasted life is the life without this passion. God calls us to pray and think and dream and plan and work not to be made much of, but to make much of him in every part of our lives.""Most people slip by in life without a passion for God, spending their lives on trivial diversions, living for comfort and pleasure, and perhaps trying to avoid sin. This book will warn you not to get caught up in a life that counts for nothing. It will challenge you to live and die boasting in the cross of Christ and making the glory of God your singular passion. If you believe that to live is Christ and to die is gain, read this book, learn to live for Christ, and don't waste your life!","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","191 pages, Paperback",4.12
The Horse and His Boy,C.S. Lewis,"The Horse and his Boy is a stirring and dramatic fantasy story that finds a young boy named Shasta on the run from his homeland with the talking horse, Bree. When the pair discover a deadly plot by the Calormen people to conquer the land of Narnia, the race is on to warn the inhabitants of the impending danger and to rescue them all from certain death.","{'Childrens', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Fiction', 'Classics', 'Young Adult', 'Christian'}","224 pages, Paperback",3.91
The Silver Chair,C.S. Lewis,"Jill and Eustace must rescue the Prince from the evil Witch.NARNIA...where owls are wise, where some of the giants like to snack on humans, where a prince is put under an evil spell...and where the adventure begins.Eustace and Jill escape from the bullies at school through a strange door in the wall, which, for once, is unlocked. It leads to the open moor...or does it? Once again Aslan has a task for the children, and Narnia needs them. Through dangers untold and caverns deep and dark, they pursue the quest that brings them face to face with the evil Witch. She must be defeated if Prince Rillian is to be saved.","{'Childrens', 'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Classics', 'Fiction', 'Young Adult', 'Christian'}","243 pages, Paperback",3.95
"Searching for Sunday: Loving, Leaving, and Finding the Church",Rachel Held Evans,"Like millions of her millennial peers, Rachel Held Evans didn't want to go to church anymore. The hypocrisy, the politics, the gargantuan building budgets, the scandals--church culture seemed so far removed from Jesus. Yet, despite her cynicism and misgivings, something kept drawing her back to Church. And so she set out on a journey to understand Church and to find her place in it.Centered around seven sacraments, Evans' quest takes readers through a liturgical year with stories about baptism, communion, confirmation, confession, marriage, vocation, and death that are funny, heartbreaking, and sharply honest.A memoir about making do and taking risks, about the messiness of community and the power of grace, Searching for Sunday is about overcoming cynicism to find hope and, somewhere in between, Church.","{'Spirituality', 'Memoir', 'Religion', 'Nonfiction', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Christian'}","268 pages, Paperback",4.20
"Counterfeit Gods: The Empty Promises of Money, Sex, and Power, and the Only Hope that Matters",Timothy J. Keller,"The New York Times bestselling author of The Reason for God and The Songs of Jesus and a nationally renowned minister, Timothy Keller exposes the error of making good things “ultimate” in this book, and shows readers a new path toward a hope that lasts. Success, true love, and the life you’ve always wanted. Many of us placed our faith in these things, believing they held the key to happiness, but with a sneaking suspicion they might not deliver. The recent economic meltdown has cast a harsh new light on these pursuits. In a matter of months, fortunes, marriages, careers, and a secure retirement have disappeared for millions of people. No wonder so many of us feel lost, alone, disenchanted, and resentful. But the truth is that we made lesser gods of these good things—gods that can’t give us what we really need. There is only one God who can wholly satisfy our cravings—and now is the perfect time to meet him again, or for the first time.The Bible tells us that the human heart is an “idol-factory,” taking good things and making them into idols that drive us. In Counterfeit Gods, Keller applies his trademark approach to show us how a proper understanding of the Bible reveals the unvarnished truth about societal ideals and our own hearts. This powerful message will cement Keller’s reputation as a critical thinker and pastor, and comes at a crucial time—for both the faithful and the skeptical.","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","240 pages, Hardcover",4.33
Captivating: Unveiling the Mystery of a Woman's Soul,John Eldredge,"Every woman was once a little girl. And every little girl holds in her heart her most precious dreams. She longs to be swept up into a romance, to play an irreplaceable role in a great adventure, to"" be"" the Beauty of the story. And yet―how many women do you know who ever find that life?Most women think they have to settle for a life of efficiency and duty, striving to be the women they ""ought"" to be but often feeling they have failed. Sadly, too many messages for Christian women add to the pressure. ""Do these ten things, and you will be a godly woman."" The effect has not been good on the feminine soul.The message of ""Captivating"" is this: Your heart matters more than anything else in all creation. The desires you had as a little girl and the longings you still feel are telling you of the life God created you to live. He offers to rescue your heart and release you to live as a fully alive and feminine woman. A woman who is truly captivating.","{'Christian Living', 'Spirituality', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","243 pages, Hardcover",3.92
The Gnostic Gospels,Elaine Pagels,"The Gnostic Gospels is a landmark study of the long-buried roots of Christianity, a work of luminous scholarship and wide popular appeal. First published in 1979 to critical acclaim, winning the National Book Award and the National Book Critics Circle Award, The Gnostic Gospels has continued to grow in reputation and influence over the past two decades. It is now widely recognized as one of the most brilliant and accessible histories of early Christian spirituality published in our time.In 1945 an Egyptian peasant unearthed what proved to be the Gnostic Gospels, thirteen papyrus volumes that expounded a radically different view of the life and teachings of Jesus Christ from that of the New Testament. In this spellbinding book, renowned religious scholar Elaine Pagels elucidates the mysteries and meanings of these sacred texts both in the world of the first Christians and in the context of Christianity today.With insight and passion, Pagels explores a remarkable range of recently discovered gospels, including the Gospel of Thomas and the Gospel of Mary Magdalene, to show how a variety of “Christianities” emerged at a time of extraordinary spiritual upheaval. Some Christians questioned the need for clergy and church doctrine, and taught that the divine could be discovered through spiritual search. Many others, like Buddhists and Hindus, sought enlightenment — and access to God — within. Such explorations raised questions: Was the resurrection to be understood symbolically and not literally? Was God to be envisioned only in masculine form, or feminine as well? Was martyrdom a necessary — or worthy — expression of faith? These early Christians dared to ask questions that orthodox Christians later suppressed — and their explorations led to profoundly different visions of Jesus and his message. Brilliant, provocative, and stunning in its implications, The Gnostic Gospels is a radical, eloquent reconsideration of the origins of the Christian faith.","{'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'History', 'Nonfiction'}","218 pages, Paperback",3.93
Prayer: Experiencing Awe and Intimacy with God,Timothy J. Keller,"The New York Times bestselling author and renowned pastor explores the power of prayer.Christians are taught in their churches and schools that prayer is the most powerful way to experience God. But few receive instruction or guidance in how to make prayer genuinely meaningful. In Prayer, renowned pastor Timothy Keller delves into the many facets of this everyday act.With his trademark insights and energy, Keller offers biblical guidance as well as specific prayers for certain situations, such as dealing with grief, loss, love, and forgiveness. He discusses ways to make prayers more personal and powerful, and how to establish a practice of prayer that works for each reader.Dr. Keller’s previous books have sold more than one million copies. His Redeemer Presbyterian Church is not only a major presence in his home base of New York, it has also helped to launch more than two hundred fifty other churches in forty-eight cities around the world. His teachings have already helped millions, the majority of whom pray regularly. And with Prayer, he’ll show them how to find a deeper connection with God.","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Christianity', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Prayer'}","336 pages, Hardcover",4.34
Velvet Elvis: Repainting the Christian Faith,Rob Bell,"We have to test everything. I thank God for anybody anywhere who is pointing people to the mysteries of God. But those people would all tell you to think long and hard about what they are saying and doing and creating. Test it. Probe it. Do that to this book. Don't swallow it uncritically. Think about it. Wrestle with it. Just because I'm a Christian and I'm trying to articulate a Christian worldview doesn't mean I've got it nailed. I'm contributing to the discussion. God has spoken, and the rest is commentary, right?","{'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","208 pages, Hardcover",3.78
The Holy Bible: English Standard Version,Anonymous,"The English Standard Version (ESV) Bible is an essentially literal Bible translation that combines word-for-word precision and accuracy with literary excellence, beauty, and depth of meaning.","{'Reference', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Christianity', 'Nonfiction'}","1243 pages, Kindle Edition",4.53
Simply Christian,N.T. Wright,"“Wright offers us a genial, intelligent view of Christianity, and [ Simply Christian ] invites us to compare his work with C.S. Lewis’s classic in the same vein, Mere Christianity .” — Washington Post Though originally published in 2006, N.T. Wright’s Simply Christian has already reached the status of a classic of biblical scholarship. Wright, Bishop of Durham for the Church of England, has been called “the world’s leading New Testament scholar” by Newsweek , and Simply Christian an “outstanding” treatise on Christianity that “will confirm, challenge, and deepen your grasp of Christian faith and practice” by Christianity Today .","{'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christian'}","256 pages, Hardcover",4.04
A History of Christianity: The First Three Thousand Years,Diarmaid MacCulloch,"The author of The Reformation returns with the definitive history of Christianity for our time. Once in a generation a historian will redefine his field, producing a book that demands to be read--a product of electrifying scholarship conveyed with commanding skill. Diarmaid MacCulloch's Christianity is such a book. Ambitious, it ranges back to the origins of the Hebrew Bible and covers the world, following the three main strands of the Christian faith. Christianity will teach modern readers things that have been lost in time about how Jesus' message spread and how the New Testament was formed. It follows the Christian story to all corners of the globe, filling in often neglected accounts of conversions and confrontations in Africa and Asia. It discovers the roots of the faith that galvanized America, charting the rise of the evangelical movement from its origins in Germany and England. This book encompasses all of intellectual history--we meet monks and crusaders, heretics and saints, slave traders and abolitionists, and discover Christianity's essential role in driving the Enlightenment and the age of exploration, and shaping the course of WWI and WWII.We live in a time of tremendous religious awareness, when both believers & non-believers are engaged by questions of religion and tradition, seeking to understand the violence sometimes perpetrated in the name of God. The son of an Anglican clergyman, MacCulloch writes with feeling about faith. His last book, The Reformation, was chosen by dozens of publications as Best Book of the Year & won the Nat'l Book Critics Circle Award. This inspiring follow-up is a landmark new history of the faith that continues to shape the world.","{'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Church History', 'History', 'Nonfiction'}","1016 pages, Hardcover",4.12
Silence,Shūsaku Endō,"""In my opinion one of the finest novels of our time."" - Graham GreeneShusaku Endo is Japan's foremost novelist, and Silence is generally regarded to be his masterpiece. In a perfect fusion of treatment and theme, this powerful novel tells the story of a seventeenth-century Portuguese priest in Japan at the height of the fearful persecution of the small Christian community.","{'Religion', 'Fiction', 'Classics', 'Historical Fiction', 'Japanese Literature', 'Japan', 'Literature'}","219 pages, Paperback",4.08
Redeeming Love,Francine Rivers,"California’s gold country, 1850. A time when men sold their souls for a bag of gold and women sold their bodies for a place to sleep. Angel expects nothing from men but betrayal. Sold into prostitution as a child, she survives by keeping her hatred alive. And what she hates most are the men who use her, leaving her empty and dead inside. Then she meets Michael Hosea. A man who seeks his Father’s heart in everything, Michael Hosea obeys God’s call to marry Angel and to love her unconditionally. Slowly, day by day, he defies Angel’s every bitter expectation until, despite her resistance her frozen heart begins to thaw. But with her unexpected softening come overwhelming feelings of unworthiness and fear. And so Angel runs. Back to the darkness, away from her husband’s pursuing love, terrified of the truth she can no longer deny: Her final healing must come from the One who loves her even more than Michael Hosea does…the One who will never let her go. A life-changing story of God’s unconditional, redemptive, all-consuming love.--back cover","{'Christian Fiction', 'Historical Romance', 'Fiction', 'Historical', 'Historical Fiction', 'Romance', 'Christian'}","479 pages, Paperback",4.51
More Than a Carpenter,Josh McDowell,"With almost ten million copies in print, More Than a Carpenter continues to be the most powerful evangelism tool worldwide. Josh McDowell's timeless examination of the true nature of Christ and his impact on our lives is one of the best-selling Christian books ever. Written by a former skeptic of Christianity, it is a hard-hitting book for those who doubt Jesus' deity and his purpose.","{'Christian Non Fiction', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","128 pages, Mass Market Paperback",4.24
One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are,Ann Voskamp,"Just like you, Ann Voskamp hungers to live her one life well. Forget the bucket lists that have us escaping our everyday lives for exotic experiences. How, Ann wondered, do we find joy in the midst of deadlines, debt, drama, and daily duties? What does the Christ-life really look like when your days are gritty, long and sometimes even dark? How is God even here? In One Thousand Gifts, Ann invites you to embrace everyday blessings and embark on the transformative spiritual discipline of chronicling God's gifts. It s only in this expressing of gratitude for the life we already have, we discover the life we've always wanted, a life we can take, give thanks for, and break for others. We come to feel and know the impossible right down in our bones: we are wildly loved by God.Let Ann's beautiful, heart-aching stories of the everyday give you a way of seeing that opens your eyes to ordinary amazing grace, a way of being present to God that makes you deeply happy, and a way of living that is finally fully alive. Come live the best dare of all!","{'Christian Living', 'Self Help', 'Spirituality', 'Christian', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","232 pages, Hardcover",4.02
Every Good Endeavor: Connecting Your Work to God's Plan for the World,Timothy J. Keller,"New York Times bestselling author of The Prodigal Prophet Timothy Keller shows how God calls on each of us to express meaning and purpose through our work and careers.“A touchstone of the [new evangelical] movement.” — The New York TimesTim Keller, pastor of New York’s Redeemer Presbyterian Church and the New York Times bestselling author of The Reason for God , has taught and counseled students, young professionals, and senior leaders on the subject of work and calling for more than twenty years. Now he pulls his insights into a thoughtful and practical book for readers everywhere.With deep conviction and often surprising advice, Keller shows readers that biblical wisdom is immensely relevant to our questions about work today. In fact, the Christian view of work—that we work to serve others, not ourselves—can provide the foundation of a thriving professional and balanced personal life. Keller shows how excellence, integrity, discipline, creativity, and passion in the workplace can help others and even be considered acts of worship—not just of self-interest.","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Business', 'Nonfiction'}","288 pages, Hardcover",4.28
The Holiness of God,R.C. Sproul,"Central to God’s character is the quality of holiness. Yet, even so, most people are hard-pressed to define what God’s holiness precisely is. Many preachers today avoid the topic altogether because people today don’t quite know what to do with words like “awe” or “fear.” R. C. Sproul, in this classic work, puts the holiness of God in its proper and central place in the Christian life. He paints an awe-inspiring vision of God that encourages Christian to become holy just as God is holy. Once you encounter the holiness of God, your life will never be the same.","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christian'}","240 pages, Paperback",4.40
"Boundaries: When to Say Yes, How to Say No to Take Control of Your Life",Henry Cloud,"Having clear boundaries is essential to a healthy, balanced lifestyle. A boundary is a personal property line that marks those things for which we are responsible. In other words, boundaries define who we are and who we are not. Boundaries impact all areas of our lives: Physical boundaries help us determine who may touch us and under what circumstances -- Mental boundaries give us the freedom to have our own thoughts and opinions -- Emotional boundaries help us to deal with our own emotions and disengage from the harmful, manipulative emotions of others -- Spiritual boundaries help us to distinguish God's will from our own and give us renewed awe for our Creator -- Often, Christians focus so much on being loving and unselfish that they forget their own limits and limitations. When confronted with their lack of boundaries, they ask: - Can I set limits and still be a loving person? - What are legitimate boundaries? - What if someone is upset or hurt by my boundaries? - How do I answer someone who wants my time, love, energy, or money? - Aren't boundaries selfish? - Why do I feel guilty or afraid when I consider setting boundaries? Dr. Henry Cloud and Dr. John Townsend offer biblically-based answers to these and other tough questions, showing us how to set healthy boundaries with our parents, spouses, children, friends, co-workers, and even ourselves.","{'Christian Living', 'Self Help', 'Relationships', 'Nonfiction', 'Psychology', 'Personal Development', 'Christian'}","314 pages, Hardcover",4.20
Liturgy of the Ordinary: Sacred Practices in Everyday Life,Tish Harrison Warren,"Many of us go through the day feeling like we don't have time for God. But God can become present to us in surprising ways through our everyday routines. Framed around one ordinary day, this book explores daily life through the lens of liturgy, small practices and habits that form us. Each chapter looks at something making the bed, brushing her teeth, losing her keys that the author does in the day. Drawing from the diversity of her life as a campus minister, Anglican priest, friend, wife, and mother, Tish Harrison Warren opens up a practical theology of the everyday. Each activity is related to a spiritual practice as well as an aspect of our Sunday worship. Come and discover the holiness of your every day.""","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","184 pages, Paperback",4.32
Out of the Silent Planet,C.S. Lewis,"In the first novel of C.S. Lewis's classic science fiction trilogy, Dr Ransom, a Cambridge academic, is abducted and taken on a spaceship to the red planet of Malacandra, which he knows as Mars. His captors are plotting to plunder the planet's treasures and plan to offer Ransom as a sacrifice to the creatures who live there. Ransom discovers he has come from the 'silent planet' – Earth – whose tragic story is known throughout the universe...","{'Christian Fiction', 'Fantasy', 'Classics', 'Fiction', 'Science Fiction Fantasy', 'Science Fiction', 'Christian'}","160 pages, Paperback",3.92
The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical,Shane Claiborne,"Many of us find ourselves caught somewhere between unbelieving activists and inactive believers. We can write a check to feed starving children or hold signs in the streets and feel like we’ve made a difference without ever encountering the faces of the suffering masses. In this book, Shane Claiborne describes an authentic faith rooted in belief, action, and love, inviting us into a movement of the Spirit that begins inside each of us and extends into a broken world. Shane’s faith led him to dress the wounds of lepers with Mother Teresa, visit families in Iraq amidst bombings, and dump $10,000 in coins and bills on Wall Street to redistribute wealth. Shane lives out this revolution each day in his local neighborhood, an impoverished community in North Philadelphia, by living among the homeless, helping local kids with homework, and “practicing resurrection” in the forgotten places of our world. Shane’s message will comfort the disturbed, and disturb the comfortable . . . but will also invite us into an irresistible revolution. His is a vision for ordinary radicals ready to change the world with little acts of love.","{'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","368 pages, Paperback",4.03
The Return of the Prodigal Son: A Story of Homecoming,Henri J.M. Nouwen,"A chance encounter with a reproduction of Rembrandt's painting, The Return of the Prodigal Son, catapulted Henri Nouwen into a long spiritual adventure. In his highly-acclaimed book of the same title, he shares the deeply personal meditation that led him to discover the place within which God has chosen to dwell. This Lent course, which has been adapted from the book, helps us to reflect on the meaning of the parable for our own lives. Divided into five sessions, the course moves through the parable exploring our reaction to the story: the younger son's leaving and return, the father's restoration of sonship, the elder son's resentment and the father's compassion. All of us who have experienced loneliness, dejection, jealousy or anger will respond to the persistent themes of homecoming, affirmation and reconciliation.","{'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","160 pages, Paperback",4.36
Reflections on the Psalms,C.S. Lewis,"Lewis writes here about the difficulties he has met or the joys he has gained in reading the Psalms. He points out that the Psalms are poems, intended to be sung, not doctrinal treatises or sermons. Proceeding with his characteristic grace, he guides readers through both the form and the meaning of these beloved passages in the Bible.","{'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","151 pages, Paperback",3.91
How Should We Then Live? The Rise and Decline of Western Thought and Culture,Francis A. Schaeffer,"Drawing upon forty years of study in theology, philosophy, history, sociology and the arts, Dr. Schaeffer contemplates the reasons for modern society's sorry state of affairs and argues for total affirmation of the Bible's morals, values, and meaning.","{'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Christianity', 'History', 'Nonfiction'}","288 pages, Paperback",4.16
The Divine Comedy,Dante Alighieri,"This Everyman’s Library edition–containing in one volume all three cantos, Inferno, Purgatorio, and Paradiso–includes an introduction by Nobel Prize—winning poet Eugenio Montale, a chronology, notes, and a bibliography. Also included are forty-two drawings selected from Botticelli’s marvelous late-fifteenth-century series of illustrations.Translated in this edition by Allen Mandelbaum, The Divine Comedy begins in a shadowed forest on Good Friday in the year 1300. It proceeds on a journey that, in its intense recreation of the depths and the heights of human experience, has become the key with which Western civilization has sought to unlock the mystery of its own identity. Mandelbaum’s astonishingly Dantean translation, which captures so much of the life of the original, renders whole for us the masterpiece of that genius whom our greatest poets have recognized as a central model for all poets.","{'Religion', 'Fantasy', 'Fiction', 'Philosophy', 'Classics', 'Poetry', 'Literature'}","798 pages, Hardcover",4.07
Dominion: How the Christian Revolution Remade the World,Tom Holland,"A ""marvelous"" (Economist) account of how the Christian Revolution forged the Western imagination.Crucifixion, the Romans believed, was the worst fate imaginable, a punishment reserved for slaves. How astonishing it was, then, that people should have come to believe that one particular victim of crucifixion-an obscure provincial by the name of Jesus-was to be worshipped as a god. Dominion explores the implications of this shocking conviction as they have reverberated throughout history. Today, the West remains utterly saturated by Christian assumptions. As Tom Holland demonstrates, our morals and ethics are not universal but are instead the fruits of a very distinctive civilization. Concepts such as secularism, liberalism, science, and homosexuality are deeply rooted in a Christian seedbed. From Babylon to the Beatles, Saint Michael to #MeToo, Dominion tells the story of how Christianity transformed the modern world. ","{'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Nonfiction', 'History', 'Politics', 'Christian'}","624 pages, Hardcover",4.25
The Freedom of Self-Forgetfulness,Timothy J. Keller,"‘What are the marks of a supernaturally changed heart?’This is one of the questions the Apostle Paul addresses as he writes to the church in Corinth. He’s not after some superficial outward tinkering, but instead a deep–rooted, life–altering change that takes place on the inside. In an age where pleasing people, puffing up your ego and building your résumé are seen as the methods to ‘make it’, the Apostle Paul calls us to find true rest in blessed self–forgetfulness.In this short and punchy book, best–selling author Timothy Keller, shows that gospel–humility means we can stop connecting every experience, every conversation with ourselves and can thus be free from self–condemnation. A truly gospel–humble person is not a self–hating person or a self–loving person, but a self–forgetful person.This freedom can be yours…","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","46 pages, Paperback",4.48
"Jesus, Interrupted: Revealing the Hidden Contradictions in the Bible & Why We Don't Know About Them",Bart D. Ehrman,"Picking up where Bible expert Bart Ehrman's New York Times bestseller Misquoting Jesus left off, Jesus, Interrupted addresses the larger issue of what the New Testament actually teaches—& it's not what most people think. Here Ehrman reveals what scholars have unearthed:•The authors of the New Testament have diverging views about who Jesus was & how salvation works•The New Testament contains books that were forged in the names of the apostles by Christian writers who lived decades later•Jesus, Paul, Matthew & John all represented fundamentally different religions•Established Christian doctrines—such as the suffering messiah, the divinity of Jesus & the trinity—were the inventions of still later theologiansThese aren't idiosyncratic perspectives of just one scholar. They've been the standard widespread views of scholars across a full spectrum of denominations & traditions. Why is it most people have never heard such things? This is the book that pastors, educators & anyone interested in the Bible have been waiting for—a compelling account of the central challenges faced when attempting to reconstruct Jesus' life & message.","{'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Atheism', 'History', 'Nonfiction'}","304 pages, Hardcover",3.98
The Ruthless Elimination of Hurry: How to Stay Emotionally Healthy and Spiritually Alive in the Chaos of the Modern World,John Mark Comer,"""Who am I becoming?"" That was the question nagging pastor and author John Mark Comer. Outwardly, he appeared successful. But inwardly, things weren't pretty. So he turned to a trusted mentor for guidance and heard these words:""Ruthlessly eliminate hurry from your life. Hurry is the great enemy of the spiritual life."" It wasn't the response he expected, but it was--and continues to be--the answer he needs. Too often we treat the symptoms of toxicity in our modern world instead of trying to pinpoint the cause. A growing number of voices are pointing at hurry, or busyness, as a root of much evil.Within the pages of this book, you'll find a fascinating roadmap to staying emotionally healthy and spiritually alive in the chaos of the modern world.","{'Christian Living', 'Self Help', 'Spirituality', 'Christian', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","286 pages, Hardcover",4.54
Left Behind,Tim LaHaye,"An airborne Boeing 747 is headed to London when, without any warning, passengers mysteriously disappear from their seats. Terror and chaos slowly spread not only through the plane but also worldwide as unusual events continue to unfold. For those who have been left behind, the apocalypse has just begun...","{'Christian Fiction', 'Thriller', 'Religion', 'Fantasy', 'Fiction', 'Christianity', 'Christian'}","470 pages, Mass Market Paperback",3.85
Perelandra,C.S. Lewis,"The second book in C. S. Lewis's acclaimed Space Trilogy, which also includes Out of the Silent Planet and That Hideous Strength, Perelandra continues the adventures of the extraordinary Dr. Ransom. Pitted against the most destructive of human weaknesses, temptation, the great man must battle evil on a new planet  Perelandra  when it is invaded by a dark force. Will Perelandra succumb to this malevolent being, who strives to create a new world order and who must destroy an old and beautiful civilization to do so? Or will it throw off the yoke of corruption and achieve a spiritual perfection as yet unknown to man? The outcome of Dr. Ransom's mighty struggle alone will determine the fate of this peace-loving planet.","{'Christian Fiction', 'Fantasy', 'Classics', 'Fiction', 'Science Fiction Fantasy', 'Science Fiction', 'Christian'}","314 pages, Paperback",3.99
God in the Dock: Essays on Theology and Ethics,C.S. Lewis,"""Lewis struck me as the most thoroughly converted man I ever met,"" observes Walter Hooper in the preface to this collection of essays by C. S. Lewis. ""His whole vision of life was such that the natural and the supernatural seemed inseparably combined.""It is precisely this pervasive Christianity which is demonstrated in the forty-eight essays comprising God in the Dock. Here Lewis addresses himself both to theological questions and to those which Hooper terms ""semi-theological,"" or ethical. But whether he is discussing ""Evil and God,"" ""Miracles,"" ""The Decline of Religion,"" or ""The Humanitarian Theory of Punishment,"" his insight and observations are thoroughly and profoundly Christian.Drawn from a variety of sources, the essays were designed to meet a variety of needs, and among other accomplishments they serve to illustrate the many different angles from which we are able to view the Christian religion. They range from relatively popular pieces written for newspapers to more learned defenses of the faith which first appeared in The Socratic Digest. Characterized by Lewis's honesty and realism, his insight and conviction, and above all his thoroughgoing commitments to Christianity, these essays make God in the Dock very much a book for our time.","{'Theology', 'Religion', 'Essays', 'Christianity', 'Nonfiction', 'Philosophy', 'Christian'}","346 pages, Paperback",4.23
Hinds' Feet on High Places,Hannah Hurnard,"With over 2 million copies sold, Hinds’ Feet on High Places remains Hannah Hurnard’s best known and most beloved book: a timeless allegory dramatizing the yearning of God’s children to be led to new heights of love, joy, and victory. In this moving tale, follow Much-Afraid on her spiritual journey as she overcomes many dangers and mounts at last to the High Places. There she gains a new name and is transformed by her union with the loving Shepherd. Included in this special edition (February 2009 release) is Hannah Hurnard’s own account of the circumstances that led her to write Hinds’ Feet, and a brief autobiography. Special edition also features a new cover design.","{'Spirituality', 'Christian', 'Classics', 'Fiction', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Christian Fiction'}","320 pages, Mass Market Paperback",4.32
Not a Fan: Becoming a Completely Committed Follower of Jesus,Kyle Idleman,"Are you a follower of Jesus? Don't answer too quickly. In fact, you may want to read this book before you answer at all. Consider it a 'Define the Relationship' conversation to determine exactly where you stand. You may indeed be a passionate, fully devoted follower of Jesus. Or, you may be just a fan who admires Jesus but isn't ready to let him cramp your style. Then again, maybe you're not into Jesus, period.In any case, don't take the question---Are you a follower of Jesus?---lightly.Some people don't know what they've said yes to and other people don't realize what they've said no to, says Pastor Kyle Idleman. But Jesus is ready to clearly define the relationship he wants with his followers.Not a Fan calls you to consider the demands and rewards of being a true disciple. With frankness sprinkled with humor, Idleman invites you to live the way Jesus lived, love the way he loved, pray the way he prayed, and never give up living for the One who gave his all for you.","{'Christian Living', 'Spirituality', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","215 pages, Paperback",4.20
Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Life Under Christ's Control,Elisabeth Elliot,"Very few books on dating have stood the test of time like Passion and Purity. Its much-needed message remains strong and hopeful in an age when doing whatever ""feels right"" is common practice. Using her own life as an example, Elisabeth Elliot guides singles of both genders and of any age on how to put their love lives under the authority of Jesus Christ.	Passion and Purity covers dating issues such as:•how to know which person is the right one to marry•loving passionately while remaining sexually pure•the man's and woman's role in relationships•putting God's desires ahead of personal desires•how far is too far, physically 	This best-selling book now has a new cover, an updated interior design, and a foreword from popular author Joshua Harris. Quest for Love will be redesigned in a similar manner to help readers identify the books as a pair. While Passion and Purity shares the love story of Elisabeth and Jim, Quest for Love is a compilation of stories on how other men and women discovered love through God's direction. Together, these two remarkable books accentuate our need to commit daily to Christ all matters of the heart and to wait on his timing.","{'Christian Living', 'Relationships', 'Marriage', 'Christian', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","192 pages, Paperback",4.13
"Inspired: Slaying Giants, Walking on Water, and Loving the Bible Again",Rachel Held Evans," One Woman’s Journey Back to Loving the BibleIf the Bible isn’t a science book or an instruction manual, then what is it? What do people mean when they say the Bible is inspired? When Rachel Held Evans found herself asking these questions, she began a quest to better understand what the Bible is and how it is meant to be read. What she discovered changed her—and it will change you too.Drawing on the best in recent scholarship and using her well-honed literary expertise, Evans examines some of our favorite Bible stories and possible interpretations, retelling them through memoir, original poetry, short stories, soliloquies, and even a short screenplay. Undaunted by the Bible’s most difficult passages, Evans wrestles through the process of doubting, imagining, and debating Scripture’s mysteries. The Bible, she discovers, is not a static work but is a living, breathing, captivating, and confounding book that is able to equip us to join God’s loving and redemptive work in the world. ","{'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Religion', 'Nonfiction', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Christian'}","236 pages, Paperback",4.39
Foxe's Book of Martyrs,John Foxe,"Reformation-era England—John Foxe recounts the lives, sufferings, and triumphant deaths of dozens of Christian martyrs. Some were people of rank and influence. Some were ordinary folk. Some were even his friends. Four centuries later, these deeply moving accounts of faith and courage mark a path for modern Christians to measure the depth of their commitment.","{'Christian', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Christianity', 'Biography', 'History', 'Nonfiction'}","416 pages, Paperback",4.25
Searching for God Knows What,Donald Miller,"In Searching for God Knows What, Donald Miller's provocative and funny book, he shows readers that the greatest desire of ""every"" person is the desire for redemption. Every person is constantly seeking redemption (or at least the feeling of it) in his or her life, believing countless gospels that promise to fix the brokenness. Typically their pursuits include the desire for fulfilling relationships, successful careers, satisfying religious systems, status, and escape. Miller reveals how the inability to find redemption leads to chaotic relationships, self-hatred, the accumulation of meaningless material possessions, and a lack of inner peace. Readers will learn to identify in themselves and within others the universal desire for redemption. They will discover that the gospel of Jesus is the only way to find meaning in life and true redemption. Mature believers as well as seekers and new Christians will find themselves identifying with the narrative journey unfolded in the book, which is simply the pursuit of redemption.In Searching for God Knows What, best-selling author Donald Miller invites you to reconnect with a faith worth believing. With humor, intelligence, and his trademark writing style, he shows that relationship is God’s way of leading us to redemption. And our need for redemption drives us to relationship with God. “Being a Christian,” Miller writes, “is more like falling in love than understanding a series of ideas.”Maybe you are a Christian wondering what faith you signed up for. Or maybe you don’t believe anything and are daring someone—anyone—to show you a genuine example of authentic faith. Somewhere beyond the self-help formulas, fancy marketing, and easy promises there is a life-changing experience with God waiting. Searching for God Knows What weaves together beautiful stories and fresh perspectives on the Bible to show one man’s journey to find it.","{'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","246 pages, Paperback",3.91
"Erasing Hell: What God Said About Eternity, and the Things We've Made Up",Francis Chan,"How could a loving God send people to hell? Will people have a chance after they die to believe in Jesus and go to heaven?With a humble respect for God's Word, Francis Chan and Preston Sprinkle address the deepest questions you have about eternal destiny. They've asked the same questions. Like you, sometimes they just don't want to believe in hell. But as they write, ""We cannot afford to be wrong on this issue.""This is not a book about who is saying what. It's a book about what God says. It's not a book about impersonal theological issues. It's a book about people who God loves. It's not a book about arguments, doctrine, or being right. It's a book about the character of God.Erasing Hell will immerse you in the truth of Scripture as, together with the authors, you find not only the truth but the courage to live it out.","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","197 pages, Paperback",3.90
How to Read the Bible for All Its Worth,Gordon D. Fee,"Your Guide to Understanding the BibleUnderstanding the Bible isn’t for the few, the gifted, the scholarly. The Bible is accessible. It’s meant to be read and comprehended by everyone from armchair readers to seminary students. A few essential insights into the Bible can clear up a lot of misconceptions and help you grasp the meaning of Scripture and its application to your 21st-century life.More than half a million people have turned to How to Read the Bible for All Its Worth to inform their reading of the Bible. This third edition features substantial revisions that keep pace with current scholarship, resources, and culture. Changes include:•Updated language•A new authors’ preface•Several chapters rewritten for better readability•Updated list of recommended commentaries and resourcesCovering everything from translational concerns to different genres of biblical writing, How to Read the Bible for All Its Worth is used all around the world. In clear, simple language, it helps you accurately understand the different parts of the Bible—their meaning for ancient audiences and their implications for you today—so you can uncover the inexhaustible worth that is in God’s Word.","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","287 pages, Paperback",4.11
That Hideous Strength,C.S. Lewis,"The third novel in the science-fiction trilogy by C.S. Lewis. This final story is set on Earth, and tells of a terrifying conspiracy against humanity.The story surrounds Mark and Jane Studdock, a newly married couple. Mark is a Sociologist who is enticed to join an organisation called N.I.C.E. which aims to control all human life. His wife, meanwhile, has bizarre prophetic dreams about a decapitated scientist, Alcasan. As Mark is drawn inextricably into the sinister organisation, he discovers the truth of his wife’s dreams when he meets the literal head of Alcasan which is being kept alive by infusions of blood.Jane seeks help concerning her dreams at a community called St Anne’s, where she meets their leader – Dr Ransom (the main character of the previous two titles in the trilogy). The story ends in a final spectacular scene at the N.I.C.E. headquarters where Merlin appears to confront the powers of Hell.","{'Christian Fiction', 'Fantasy', 'Classics', 'Fiction', 'Science Fiction Fantasy', 'Science Fiction', 'Christian'}","534 pages, Paperback",3.90
Jesus Among Other Gods: The Absolute Claims of the Christian Message,Ravi Zacharias,"In his most important work to date, apologetics scholar and popular speaker Ravi Zacharias shows how the blueprint for life and death itself is found in a true understanding of Jesus. With a simple yet penetrating style, Zacharias uses rich illustrations to celebrate the power of Jesus Christ to transform lives. Jesus Among Other Gods contrasts the truth of Jesus with founders of Islam, Hinduism, and Buddhism, strengthening believers and compelling them to share their faith with our post-modern world.","{'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","195 pages, Paperback",4.14
How Jesus Became God: The Exaltation of a Jewish Preacher from Galilee,Bart D. Ehrman,"New York Times bestselling author and Bible expert Bart Ehrman reveals how Jesus’s divinity became dogma in the first few centuries of the early church.The claim at the heart of the Christian faith is that Jesus of Nazareth was, and is, God. But this is not what the original disciples believed during Jesus’s lifetime—and it is not what Jesus claimed about himself. How Jesus Became God tells the story of an idea that shaped Christianity, and of the evolution of a belief that looked very different in the fourth century than it did in the first.A master explainer of Christian history, texts, and traditions, Ehrman reveals how an apocalyptic prophet from the backwaters of rural Galilee crucified for crimes against the state came to be thought of as equal with the one God Almighty, Creator of all things. But how did he move from being a Jewish prophet to being God? In a book that took eight years to research and write, Ehrman sketches Jesus’s transformation from a human prophet to the Son of God exalted to divine status at his resurrection. Only when some of Jesus’s followers had visions of him after his death—alive again—did anyone come to think that he, the prophet from Galilee, had become God. And what they meant by that was not at all what people mean today.Written for secular historians of religion and believers alike, How Jesus Became God will engage anyone interested in the historical developments that led to the affirmation at the heart of Christianity: Jesus was, and is, God.","{'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'History', 'Nonfiction'}","416 pages, Hardcover",4.07
Jesus Feminist: An Invitation to Revisit the Bible's View of Women,Sarah Bessey,"Written with poetic rhythm, a prophetic voice, and a deeply biblical foundation, this loving yet fearless book urges today’s church to move beyond man-made restrictions and fully welcome women’s diverse voices and experiences.A freedom song for the church.Sarah Bessey didn’t ask for Jesus to come in and mess up all her ideas about a woman’s place in the world and in the church. But patriarchy, she came to learn, was not God’s dream for humanity.Bessey engages critically with Scripture in this gentle and provocative love letter to the Church. Written with poetic rhythm, a prophetic voice, and a deeply biblical foundation, this loving yet fearless book urges today’s church to move beyond man-made restrictions and fully welcome women’s diverse voices and experiences.It’s at once a call to find freedom in the fullness, hope, glory, and work of Christ, and a very personal and moving story of how Jesus made a feminist out of her.","{'Theology', 'Religion', 'Nonfiction', 'Christianity', 'Feminism', 'Faith', 'Christian'}","256 pages, ebook",3.90
"A Severe Mercy: A Story of Faith, Tragedy, and Triumph",Sheldon Vanauken,"A heart-rending love story described by its author as “the spiritual autobiography of a love rather than of the lovers” about the author’s marriage and search for faith.Vanauken chronicles the birth of a powerful pagan love borne out of the relationship he shares with his wife, Davy, and describes the growth of their relationship and the dreams that they share.A beloved, profoundly moving account of the author's marriage, the couple's search for faith and friendship with C. S. Lewis, and a spiritual strength that sustained Vanauken after his wife's untimely death. Replete with 18 letters from C.S. Lewis, A Severe Mercy addresses some of the universal questions that surround faith—the existence of God and the reasons behind tragedy.","{'Memoir', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Nonfiction', 'Biography', 'Faith', 'Christian'}","240 pages, Paperback",4.27
"Institutes of the Christian Religion, 2 Vols",John Calvin,"Institutes of the Christian Religion This limited edition of John Calvin's Reformation classic, ""Institutes of the Christian Religion,"" commemorates the 500th anniversary of Calvin's birth in 1509.This beautiful new jacketed cloth volume features: - An eight-page, four-color insert on coated stock, including a frontispiece featuring the title page of the original publication and a timeline of the Reformation and of John Calvin's life... Full description","{'Reference', 'Theology', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Christianity', 'Nonfiction', 'Christian'}","1822 pages, ebook",4.12
Interior Castle,Teresa of Ávila,"A cornerstone book on mystical theology, Interior Castle describes the seven stages of union with God. Using everyday language to explain difficult theological concepts, Teresa of Avila compares the contemplative life to a castle with seven chambers. Tracing the passage of the soul through each successive chamber, she draws a powerful picture of the path toward spiritual perfection. It is the most sublime and mature of Teresa's works, offering profound and inspiring reflections on such subjects as self-knowledge, humility, detachment, and suffering.One of the most celebrated works on mystical theology in existence, as timely today as when St. Teresa of Avila wrote it centuries ago, this is a treasury of unforgettable maxims on self-knowledge and fulfillment.","{'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Catholic', 'Nonfiction'}","235 pages, Paperback",4.14
Basic Christianity,John R.W. Stott,"In 2006, Christianity Today voted this title to be one of the top 50 books that have shaped evangelicals! Who is Jesus? ""If Jesus was not God in human flesh, Christianity is exploded,"" writes John Stott. ""We are left with just another religion with some beautiful ideas and noble ethics; its unique distinction has gone."" If Jesus is not who he said he was, and if he did not do what he said he had come to do, the whole superstructure of Christianity crumbles in ruins to the ground. Is it plausible that Jesus was truly divine? And what might this mean for us? John Stott's clear, classic statement examines the historical facts on which Christianity stands. Here is a sound, sensible guide for all who seek an intellectually satisfying explanation of the Christian faith.","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christian'}","180 pages, Paperback",4.13
Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith,Anne Lamott,"Despite--or because of--her irreverence, faith is a natural subject for Anne Lamott. Since Operating Instructions and Bird by Bird, her fans have been waiting for her to write the book that explained how she came to the big-hearted, grateful, generous faith that she so often alluded to in her two earlier nonfiction books. The people in Anne Lamott's real life are like beloved characters in a favorite series for her readers: Her friend Pammy; her son, Sam; and the many funny and wise folks who attend her church are all familiar. And Traveling Mercies is a welcome return to those lives, as well as an introduction to new companions Lamott treats with the same candor, insight, and tenderness. Lamott's faith isn't about easy answers, which is part of what endears her to believers as well as nonbelievers. Against all odds, she came to believe in God, and then, even more miraculously, in herself. As she puts it, ""My coming to faith did not start with a leap but rather a series of staggers."" At once tough, personal, affectionate, wise, and very funny, Traveling Mercies tells in exuberant detail how Anne Lamott learned to shine the light of faith on the darkest part of ordinary life, exposing surprising pockets of meaning and hope.","{'Spirituality', 'Christian', 'Memoir', 'Religion', 'Essays', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","275 pages, Paperback",4.13
Systematic Theology: An Introduction to Biblical Doctrine,Wayne Grudem,"The Christian church has a long tradition of systematic theology, that is, of studying biblical teaching on centrally important doctrines such as the Word of God, redemption, and Jesus Christ. Wayne Grudem's bestselling Systematic Theology has several distinctive Bibliographies in each chapter that cross-reference subjects to a wide range of other systematic theologies.","{'Reference', 'Theology', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christian'}","1291 pages, Hardcover",4.21
The Divine Conspiracy: Rediscovering Our Hidden Life in God,Dallas Willard,"The Divine Conspiracy has revolutionized how we think about the true meaning of discipleship. In this classic, one of the most brilliant Christian thinkers of our times and author of the acclaimed The Spirit of Disciplines, Dallas Willard, skillfully weaves together biblical teaching, popular culture, science, scholarship, and spiritual practice, revealing what it means to ""apprentice"" ourselves to Jesus. Using Jesus’s Sermon of the Mount as his foundation, Willard masterfully explores life-changing ways to experience and be guided by God on a daily basis, resulting in a more authentic and dynamic faith. ","{'Christian Living', 'Spirituality', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","448 pages, Hardcover",4.19
The Case for a Creator: A Journalist Investigates Scientific Evidence That Points Toward God,Lee Strobel,"A Journalist Investigates Scientific Evidence That Points Toward God: 'My road to atheism was paved by science . . . But, ironically, so was my later journey to God.' - Lee StrobelDuring his academic years, Lee Strobel became convinced that God was outmoded, a belief that colored his ensuing career as an award-winning journalist at the Chicago Tribune. Science had made the idea of a Creator irrelevant - or so Strobel thought. But today science is pointing in a different direction. In recent years, a diverse and impressive body of research has increasingly supported the conclusion that the universe was intelligently designed. At the same time, Darwinism has faltered in the face of concrete facts and hard reason.Has science discovered God? At the very least, it's giving faith an immense boost as new findings emerge about the incredible complexity of our universe. Join Strobel as he re-examines the theories that once led him away from God. Through his compelling and highly readable account, you'll encounter the mind-stretching discoveries from cosmology, cellular biology, DNA research, astronomy, physics, and human consciousness that present astonishing evidence in The Case for a Creator.","{'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Science', 'Nonfiction'}","352 pages, Paperback",4.10
Tactics: A Game Plan for Discussing Your Christian Convictions,Gregory Koukl,"In a world increasingly indifferent to Christian truth, followers of Christ need to be equipped to communicate with those who do not speak their language or accept their source of authority. Gregory Koukl demonstrates how to get in the driver's seat, keeping any conversation moving with thoughtful, artful diplomacy. You'll learn how to maneuver comfortably and graciously through the minefields, stop challengers in their tracks, turn the tables and—most importantly—get people thinking about Jesus. Soon, your conversations will look more like diplomacy than D-Day. Drawing on extensive experience defending Christianity in the public square, Koukl shows you how to:- Initiate conversations effortlessly- Present the truth clearly, cleverly, and persuasively- Graciously and effectively expose faulty thinking- Skillfully manage the details of dialogue- Maintain an engaging, disarming style even under attackTactics provides the game plan for communicating the compelling truth about Christianity with confidence and grace.","{'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Evangelism', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","208 pages, Paperback",4.32
Just Do Something: A Liberating Approach to Finding God's Will,Kevin DeYoung,"A Liberating Approach to Finding God's Will or How to Make a Decision Without Dreams, Visions, Fleeces, Impressions, Open Doors, Random Bible Verses, Casting Lots, Liver Shivers, Writing in the Sky, etc.Hyper-spiritual approaches to finding God's will don't work. It's time to try something new: Give up.  Pastor and author Kevin DeYoung counsels Christians to settle down, make choices, and do the hard work of seeing those choices through. Too often, he writes, God's people tinker around with churches, jobs, and relationships, worrying that they haven't found God's perfect will for their lives. Or—even worse—they do absolutely nothing, stuck in a frustrated state of paralyzed indecision, waiting . . . waiting . . . waiting for clear, direct, unmistakable direction.   But God doesn't need to tell us what to do at each fork in the road. He's already revealed his plan for our lives: to love him with our whole hearts, to obey His Word, and after that, to do what we like.  No need for hocus-pocus. No reason to be directionally challenged. Just do something.","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","128 pages, Paperback",4.23
The Secret Thoughts of an Unlikely Convert: An English Professor's Journey Into Christian Faith,Rosaria Champagne Butterfield,"Rosaria, by the standards of many, was living a very good life. She had a tenured position at a large university in a field for which she cared deeply. She owned two homes with her partner, in which they provided hospitality to students and activists that were looking to make a difference in the world. There, her partner rehabilitated abandoned and abused dogs. In the community, Rosaria was involved in volunteer work. At the university, she was a respected advisor of students and her department’s curriculum. And then, in her late 30s, Rosaria encountered something that turned her world upside down—the idea that Christianity, a religion that she had regarded as problematic and sometimes downright damaging, might be right about who God was, an idea that flew in the face of the people and causes that she most loved. What follows is a story of what she describes as a “train wreck” at the hand of the supernatural. These are her secret thoughts about those events, written as only a reflective English professor could.""Conversion put me in a complicated and comprehensive chaos. I sometimes wonder, when I hear other Christians pray for the salvation of the “lost,” if they realize that this comprehensive chaos is the desired end of such prayers. Often, people asked me to describe the “lessons” that I learned from this experience. I can’t. It was too traumatic. Sometimes in crisis, we don’t really learn lessons. Sometimes the result is simpler and more profound: sometimes our character is simply transformed."" —Rosaria Butterfield","{'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christian', 'Memoir', 'Christianity', 'Biography', 'Nonfiction'}","153 pages, Paperback",4.24
The Prayer of Jabez:  Breaking Through to the Blessed Life,Bruce H. Wilkinson,"Dr. Bruce Wilkinson, president of Walk Thru the Bible Ministries, takes readers to 1 Chronicles 4:10 to discover how they can release God's miraculous power and experience the blessings God longs to give each of us. The life of Jabez, one of the Bible's most overlooked heroes of the faith, bursts from unbroken pages of genealogies in an audacious, four-part prayer that brings him an extraordinary measure of divine favor, anointing, and protection. Readers who commit to offering the same prayer on a regular basis will find themselves extravagantly blessed by God, and agents of His miraculous power, in everyday life.
About the Author:
Dr. Bruce H. Wilkinson is the founder and president of Walk Thru the Bible Ministries, an international organization dedicated to providing the finest biblical teaching, tools, and training. His books include Experiencing Spiritual Breakthroughs, 30 Days to Experiencing Spiritual Breakthroughs, The Prayer of Jabez and many other books. Bruce and his wife, Darlene, live in Atlanta, Georgia, and have three children.","{'Spirituality', 'Christian', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Prayer', 'Faith', 'Nonfiction'}","93 pages, Hardcover",3.97
The Making of Biblical Womanhood: How the Subjugation of Women Became Gospel Truth,Beth Allison Barr,"Biblical womanhood--the belief that God designed women to be submissive wives, virtuous mothers, and joyful homemakers--pervades North American Christianity. From choices about careers to roles in local churches to relationship dynamics, this belief shapes the everyday lives of evangelical women. Yet biblical womanhood isn't biblical, says Baylor University historian Beth Allison Barr. It arose from a series of clearly definable historical moments.This book moves the conversation about biblical womanhood beyond Greek grammar and into the realm of church history--ancient, medieval, and modern--to show that this belief is not divinely ordained but a product of human civilization that continues to creep into the church. Barr's historical insights provide context for contemporary teachings about women's roles in the church and help move the conversation forward.Interweaving her story as a Baptist pastor's wife, Barr sheds light on the #ChurchToo movement and abuse scandals in Southern Baptist circles and the broader evangelical world, helping readers understand why biblical womanhood is more about human power structures than the message of Christ.","{'Feminism', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'History'}","245 pages, Paperback",4.42
A Year of Biblical Womanhood,Rachel Held Evans,"Strong-willed and independent, Rachel Held Evans couldn't sew a button on a blouse before she embarked on a radical life experiment--a year of biblical womanhood. Intrigued by the traditionalist resurgence that led many of her friends to abandon their careers to assume traditional gender roles in the home, Evans decides to try it for herself, vowing to take all of the Bible's instructions for women as literally as possible for a year.Pursuing a different virtue each month, Evans learns the hard way that her quest for biblical womanhood requires more than a ""gentle and quiet spirit"" (1 Peter 3:4). It means growing out her hair, making her own clothes, covering her head, obeying her husband, rising before dawn, abstaining from gossip, remaining silent in church, and even camping out in the front yard during her period. See what happens when a thoroughly modern woman starts referring to her husband as ""master"" and ""praises him at the city gate"" with a homemade sign. Learn the insights she receives from an ongoing correspondence with an Orthodox Jewish woman, and find out what she discovers from her exchanges with a polygamist wife. Join her as she wrestles with difficult passages of scripture that portray misogyny and violence against women. With just the right mixture of humor and insight, compassion and incredulity, A Year of Biblical Womanhood is an exercise in scriptural exploration and spiritual contemplation. What does God truly expect of women, and is there really a prescription for biblical womanhood? Come along with Evans as she looks for answers in the rich heritage of biblical heroines, models of grace, and all-around women of valor.","{'Spirituality', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Memoir'}","308 pages, Paperback",4.01
Church History in Plain Language,Bruce L. Shelley,"It's about time that someone wrote church history that tells about people, not just about ""eras"" and ""ages."" Church History in Plain Language taps the roots of our Christian family tree. It combines authoritative research with a captivating style to bring our heritage home to us.","{'Christian', 'Church History', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity'}","520 pages, Paperback",4.06
Letters to Malcolm: Chiefly on Prayer,C.S. Lewis,"In the form of warm, relaxed letters to a close friend, Lewis meditates on many puzzling questions concerning the intimate dialogue between man and God. Lewis also considers practical and metaphysical aspects of private prayer, petitionary prayer, the Lord’s Prayer, and other forms of prayer.“A beautifully executed and deeply moving book” (Saturday Review).","{'Christian', 'Prayer', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","124 pages, Paperback",3.97
The Pilgrim's Regress,C.S. Lewis,"The first book written by C. S. Lewis after his conversion, The Pilgrim's Regress is, in a sense, the record of Lewis s own search for meaning and spiritual satisfaction—a search that eventually led him to Christianity.Here is the story of the pilgrim John and his odyssey to an enchanting island which has created in him an intense longing—a mysterious, sweet desire. John s pursuit of this desire takes him through adventures with such people as Mr. Enlightenment, Media Halfways, Mr. Mammon, Mother Kirk, Mr. Sensible, and Mr. Humanist and through such cities as Thrill and Eschropolis as well as the Valley of Humiliation.Though the dragons and giants here are different from those in Bunyan s Pilgrim s Progress, Lewis s allegory performs the same function of enabling the author to say simply and through fantasy what would otherwise have demanded a full-length philosophy of religion.","{'Christian', 'Fantasy', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Theology', 'Fiction', 'Christianity'}","211 pages, Paperback",3.85
Inferno,Dante Alighieri,"Of the great poets, Dante is one of the most elusive and therefore one of the most difficult to adequately render into English verse. In the Inferno, Dante not only judges sin but strives to understand it so that the reader can as well. With this major new translation, Anthony Esolen has succeeded brilliantly in marrying sense with sound, poetry with meaning, capturing both the poem’s line-by-line vigor and its allegorically and philosophically exacting structure, yielding an Inferno that will be as popular with general readers as with teachers and students. For, as Dante insists, without a trace of sentimentality or intellectual compromise, even Hell is a work of divine art.Esolen also provides a critical Introduction and endnotes, plus appendices containing Dante’s most important sources—from Virgil to Saint Thomas Aquinas and other Catholic theologians—that deftly illuminate the religious universe the poet inhabited.","{'Poetry', 'Literature', 'Fantasy', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Fiction', 'School'}","490 pages, Paperback",4.02
Gilead,Marilynne Robinson,"Nearly 25 years after Housekeeping, Marilynne Robinson returns with an intimate tale of three generations, from the Civil War to the 20th century: a story about fathers and sons and the spiritual battles that still rage at America's heart. In the words of Kirkus, it is a novel ""as big as a nation, as quiet as thought, and moving as prayer. Matchless and towering."" GILEAD tells the story of America and will break your heart.","{'Literature', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Novels', 'Historical Fiction', 'Fiction', 'Literary Fiction'}","247 pages, Paperback",3.85
Lost Christianities: The Battles for Scripture and the Faiths We Never Knew,Bart D. Ehrman,"The early Christian Church was a chaos of contending beliefs. Some groups of Christians claimed that there was not one God but two or twelve or thirty. Some believed that the world had not been created by God but by a lesser, ignorant deity. Certain sects maintained that Jesus was human but not divine, while others said he was divine but not human.In Lost Christianities, Bart D. Ehrman offers a fascinating look at these early forms of Christianity and shows how they came to be suppressed, reformed, or forgotten. All of these groups insisted that they upheld the teachings of Jesus and his apostles, and they all possessed writings that bore out their claims, books reputedly produced by Jesus's own followers. Modern archaeological work has recovered a number of key texts, and as Ehrman shows, these spectacular discoveries reveal religious diversity that says much about the ways in which history gets written by the winners. Ehrman's discussion ranges from considerations of various ""lost scriptures""--including forged gospels supposedly written by Simon Peter, Jesus's closest disciple, and Judas Thomas, Jesus's alleged twin brother--to the disparate beliefs of such groups as the Jewish-Christian Ebionites, the anti-Jewish Marcionites, and various ""Gnostic"" sects. Ehrman examines in depth the battles that raged between ""proto-orthodox Christians""--those who eventually compiled the canonical books of the New Testament and standardized Christian belief--and the groups they denounced as heretics and ultimately overcame.Scrupulously researched and lucidly written, Lost Christianities is an eye-opening account of politics, power, and the clash of ideas among Christians in the decades before one group came to see its views prevail.","{'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","294 pages, Paperback",4.06
Jesus Calling: Enjoying Peace in His Presence,Sarah  Young,"After many years of writing her own words in her prayer journal, missionary Sarah Young decided to be more attentive to the Savior's voice and begin listening for what He was saying. So with pen in hand, she embarked on a journey that forever changed her—and many others around the world. In these powerful pages are the words and Scriptures Jesus lovingly laid on her heart. Words of reassurance, comfort, and hope.  Words that have made her increasingly aware of His presence and allowed her to enjoy His peace. Jesus is calling out to you in the same way. Maybe you share the author’s need for a great sense of “God with you”. Or perhaps Jesus seems distant without you knowing why. Or maybe you have wandered farther from Him that you ever imagined you would. Here is a year’s worth of daily readings from Young’s journals to bring you closer to Christ and move your time with Him from monologue to a dialogue. Each day is written as if Jesus Himself were speaking to you. Because He is. Do you hear Him calling?","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","384 pages, Hardcover",4.46
The Orthodox Church,Kallistos Ware,"Since its first publication thirty years ago, Timothy Ware's book has become established throughout the English-speaking world as the standard introduction to the Orthodox Church. Orthodoxy continues to be a subject of enormous interest among Western Christians and the author believes that an understanding of its standpoint is necessary before the Roman Catholic and Protestant Churches can be reunited. In this newly revised and updated edition he explains the Orthodox views on widely ranging matters as Ecumenical Councils, Sacraments, Free Will, Purgatory, the Papacy and the relationship between the different Orthodox churches.In Part One he describes the history of the Eastern Church over the last two thousand years with particular reference to its problems in twentieth-century Russia: and in Part Two he explains the beliefs and worship of the Orthodox Church today. Finally, he considers the possibilities of reunion between the East and the West. In this latest edition, he takes full account of the totally new situation confronting Eastern Christians since the collapse of Communism.","{'Christian', 'Church History', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity'}","359 pages, Paperback",4.26
The History of the Church: From Christ to Constantine,Eusebius,"Eusebius's account is the only surviving historical record of the Church during its crucial first 300 years.Bishop Eusebius, a learned scholar who lived most of his life in Caesarea in Palestine, broke new ground in writing the History and provided a model for all later ecclesiastical historians. In tracing the history of the Church from the time of Christ to the Great Persecution at the beginning of the fourth century, and ending with the conversion of the Emperor Constantine, his aim was to show the purity and continuity of the doctrinal tradition of Christianity and its struggle against persecutors and heretics.","{'Christian', 'Church History', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'History', 'Christianity'}","435 pages, Paperback",4.01
Dark Night of the Soul,John of the Cross,,"{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Catholic', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","111 pages, Paperback",4.17
Generous Justice: How God's Grace Makes Us Just,Timothy J. Keller,"Author of the New York Times bestseller The Reason for God and nationally renowned pastor of Redeemer Presbyterian Church Timothy Keller with his most provocative and illuminating message yet.It is commonly thought in secular society that the Bible is one of the greatest hindrances to doing justice. Isn't it full of regressive views? Didn't it condone slavery? Why look to the Bible for guidance on how to have a more just society? But Timothy Keller sees it another way. In Generous Justice, Keller explores a life of justice empowered by an experience of grace: a generous, gracious justice. Here is a book for believers who find the Bible a trustworthy guide as well as those who suspect that Christianity is a regressive influence in the world.Keller's church, founded in the eighties with fewer than one hundred congregants, is now exponentially larger. More than five thousand people regularly attend Sunday services, and another twenty-five thousand download Keller's sermons each week. A recent profile in New York magazine described his typical sermon as ""a mix of biblical scholarship, pop culture, and whatever might have caught his eye in The New York Review of Books or on Salon.com that week."" In short, Timothy Keller speaks a language that many thousands of people yearn to comprehend. In Generous Justice, he offers them a new understanding of modern justice and human rights.","{'Social Justice', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","256 pages, Hardcover",4.22
"Everybody, Always: Becoming Love in a World Full of Setbacks and Difficult People",Bob Goff,"New York Times Bestseller!What happens when we give away love like we're made of it? In his entertaining and inspiring follow-up to the New York Times bestselling phenomenon Love Does, Bob Goff takes readers on a journey into the secret of living without fear, constraint, or worry. The path toward the liberated existence we all long for is found in a truth as simple to say as it is hard to do: love people, even the difficult ones, without distinction and without limits.Driven by Bob’s trademark storytelling, Everybody, Always reveals the lessons Bob learned--often the hard way--about what it means to love without inhibition, insecurity, or restriction. From finding the right friends to discovering the upside of failure, Everybody, Always points the way to embodying love by doing the unexpected, the intimidating, the seemingly impossible. Whether losing his shoes while skydiving solo or befriending a Ugandan witch doctor, Bob steps into life with a no-limits embrace of others that is as infectious as it is extraordinarily ordinary. Everybody, Always reveals how we can do the same.","{'Self Help', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","240 pages, Paperback",4.44
God's Smuggler,Brother Andrew,"As a boy he dreamed of being a spy undercover behind enemy lines. As a man he found himself undercover for God. Brother Andrew was his name and for decades his life story, recounted in God's Smuggler, has awed and inspired millions. The bestseller tells of the young Dutch factory worker's incredible efforts to transport Bibles across closed borders-and the miraculous ways in which God provided for him every step of the way. Revell and Chosen now reintroduce this powerful story with two new releases: a 35th anniversary edition and The Narrow Road, an expanded youth edition. Both contain a new foreword and afterword. The youth edition also features information about ministry to the persecuted church today, including country profiles, quotes from Christians in underground churches, ""what if"" scenarios based on real-life threats they face, and stories from others who have participated in Brother Andrew's Bible-smuggling work. Brother Andrew's story remains as inspiring today as it was thirty-five years ago, and with these new releases it will motivate a whole new generation to risk everything to follow God's call.","{'Biography', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'History', 'Christianity', 'Memoir'}","256 pages, Paperback",4.34
The Rule of Saint Benedict,Benedict of Nursia,"Composed nearly fifteen hundred years ago by the father of Western monasticism, The Rule of St. Benedict has for centuries been the guide of religious communities. St. Benedict's rules of obedience, humility, and contemplation are not only prerequisites for formal religious societies, they also provide an invaluable model for anyone desiring to live more simply. While they presuppose a certain detachment from the world, they provide guidance and inspiration for anyone seeking peace and fulfillment in their home and work communities. As prepared by the Benedictine monk and priest Timothy Fry, this translation of The Rule of St. Benedict can be a life-transforming book. With a new Preface by Thomas Moore, author of The Care of the Soul.""God is our home but many of us have strayed from our native land. The venerable authors of these Spiritual Classics are expert guides--may we follow their directions home.""--Archbishop Desmond Tutu","{'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","112 pages, Paperback",3.98
Misreading Scripture with Western Eyes: Removing Cultural Blinders to Better Understand the Bible,E. Randolph Richards,"What was clear to the original readers of Scripture is not always clear to us. Because of the cultural distance between the biblical world and our contemporary setting, we often bring modern Western biases to the text. For example:When Western readers hear Paul exhorting women to ""dress modestly,"" we automatically think in terms of sexual modesty. But most women in that culture would never wear racy clothing. The context suggests that Paul is likely more concerned about economic modesty--that Christian women not flaunt their wealth through expensive clothes, braided hair and gold jewelry.Some readers might assume that Moses married ""below himself"" because his wife was a dark-skinned Cushite. Actually, Hebrews were the slave race, not the Cushites, who were highly respected. Aaron and Miriam probably thought Moses was being presumptuous by marrying ""above himselfWestern individualism leads us to assume that Mary and Joseph traveled alone to Bethlehem. What went without saying was that they were likely accompanied by a large entourage of extended family.Biblical scholars Brandon O'Brien and Randy Richards shed light on the ways that Western readers often misunderstand the cultural dynamics of the Bible. They identify nine key areas where modern Westerners have significantly different assumptions about what might be going on in a text. Drawing on their own crosscultural experience in global mission, O'Brien and Richards show how better self-awareness and understanding of cultural differences in language, time and social mores allow us to see the Bible in fresh and unexpected ways. Getting beyond our own cultural assumptions is increasingly important for being Christians in our interconnected and globalized world. Learn to read Scripture as a member of the global body of Christ.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity'}","240 pages, Paperback",4.32
Paul: A Biography,N.T. Wright,"In this definitive biography, renowned Bible scholar, Anglican bishop, and bestselling author N. T. Wright offers a radical look at the apostle Paul, illuminating the humanity and remarkable achievements of this intellectual who invented Christian theology—transforming a faith and changing the world.For centuries, Paul, the apostle who ""saw the light on the Road to Damascus"" and made a miraculous conversion from zealous Pharisee persecutor to devoted follower of Christ, has been one of the church’s most widely cited saints. While his influence on Christianity has been profound, N. T. Wright argues that Bible scholars and pastors have focused so much attention on Paul’s letters and theology that they have too often overlooked the essence of the man’s life and the extreme unlikelihood of what he achieved.To Wright, ""The problem is that Paul is central to any understanding of earliest Christianity, yet Paul was a Jew; for many generations Christians of all kinds have struggled to put this together."" Wright contends that our knowledge of Paul and appreciation for his legacy cannot be complete without an understanding of his Jewish heritage. Giving us a thoughtful, in-depth exploration of the human and intellectual drama that shaped Paul, Wright provides greater clarity of the apostle’s writings, thoughts, and ideas and helps us see them in a fresh, innovative way.Paul is a compelling modern biography that reveals the apostle’s greater role in Christian history—as an inventor of new paradigms for how we understand Jesus and what he accomplished—and celebrates his stature as one of the most effective and influential intellectuals in human history.","{'Biography', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity'}","480 pages, ebook",4.34
Beyond Belief: The Secret Gospel of Thomas,Elaine Pagels,"Pagels, a writer and thinker on religion and history, winner of the National Book Award for The Gnostic Gospels, reflects on what matters most about spiritual and religious exploration in the 21st century. This book explores how Christianity began by tracing its earliest texts, including the Gospel of Thomas, rediscovered in Egypt in 1945.When her infant son was diagnosed with fatal pulmonary hypertension, Pagels' spiritual and intellectual quest took on a new urgency, leading her to explore historical and archaeological sources and to investigate what Jesus and his teachings meant to his followers before the invention of Christianity. The discovery of the Gospel of Thomas, along with more than 50 other early Christian texts, some unknown since antiquity, offers clues. She compares such sources as Thomas' gospel (which claims to give Jesus' secret teaching and finds its closest affinities with kabbalah) with the canon to show how Christian leaders chose to include some gospels and exclude others from the collection many call the New Testament. To stabilize the emerging church in times of persecution, church fathers constructed the canon, creed and hierarchy - and, in the process, suppressed many of its spiritual resources.Drawing on new scholarship - her own and that of an international group of scholars - that has come to light since the 1979 publication of The Gnostic Gospels, she shows that what matters about Christianity involves much more than any one set of beliefs. Traditions embodied in Judaism and Christianity can powerfully affect us in heart, mind and spirit, inspire visions of a new society based on practising justice and love, even heal and transform us.Provocative and moving, Beyond Belief, the most personal of her books to date, shows how the impulse to seek god overflows the narrow banks of a single tradition. She writes, ""What I have come to love in the wealth and diversity of our religious traditions - and the communities that sustain them - is that they offer the testimony of innumerable people to spiritual discovery, encouraging us, in Jesus' words, to 'seek, and you shall find.'""CONTENTSFrom the feast of Agape to the Nicene CreedGospels in conflict: John and Thomas God's word or human words?The canon of truth and the triumph of JohnConstantine and the Catholic Church AcknowledgementsNotesIndex","{'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","272 pages, Hardcover",3.91
The Gospel Comes with a House Key,Rosaria Champagne Butterfield,"What did God use to draw a radical, committed unbeliever to himself? Did God take her to an evangelistic rally? Or, since she had her doctorate in literature, did he use something in print? No, God used an invitation to dinner in a modest home, from a humble couple who lived out the gospel daily, simply, and authentically. With this story of her conversion as a backdrop, Rosaria Butterfield invites us into her home to show us how God can use this same “radical, ordinary hospitality” to bring the gospel to our lost friends and neighbors. Such hospitality sees our homes as not our own, but as God’s tools for the furtherance of his kingdom as we welcome those who look, think, believe, and act differently from us into our everyday, sometimes messy lives—helping them see what true Christian faith really looks like.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","240 pages, Hardcover",4.31
King's Cross: The Story of the World in the Life of Jesus,Timothy J. Keller,"King's Cross is Timothy Keller's revelatory look at the life of Christ as told in the Gospel of Mark. There have been many biographies of Jesus, but few will be as anticipated as one by Keller, the man Newsweek calls ""a C.S. Lewis for the twenty-first century.""In it, Keller shows how the story of Jesus is at once cosmic, historical, and personal, calling each of us to look anew at our relationship with God. Like Keller's other books it has tremendous crossover appeal, but it is also ideal for the faithful, those who are looking for a closer connection to Jesus and Christianity.New York Times bestselling author and nationally renowned minister Timothy Keller unlocks new insights into the life of Jesus Christ.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","250 pages, Hardcover",4.34
The Pursuit of Holiness,Jerry Bridges,"""Be holy, for I am holy"" commands God to His people. But holiness is something that is often missed in the Christian's daily life. According to author Jerry Bridges, that's because we're not exactly sure what our part in holiness is. In The Pursuit of Holiness, he helps us see clearly just what we should rely on God to do--and what we should accept responsibility for ourselves.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","160 pages, Paperback",4.32
When Helping Hurts: How to Alleviate Poverty without Hurting the Poor...and Yourself,Steve Corbett,"Churches and individual Christians typically have faulty assumptions about the causes of poverty, resulting in the use of strategies that do considerable harm to poor people and themselves. Don't let this happen to you, your ministry or ministries you help fund! A must read for 
anyone
 who works with the poor or in missions, When Helping Hurts provides foundational concepts, clearly articulated general principles and relevant applications. The result is an effective and holistic ministry to the poor, not a truncated gospel.""Initial thoughts"" at the beginning of chapters and ""reflection questions and excercises"" at the end of chapters assist greatly in learning and applying the material. A situation is assessed for whether relief, rehabilitation, or development is the best response to a situation. Efforts are characterized by an ""asset based"" approach rather than a ""needs based"" approach. Short term mission efforts are addressed and economic development strategies appropriate for North American and international contexts are presented, including microenterprise development.Now with a new preface, a new foreword, and a new chapter to assist in the next steps of applying the book's principles to your situation, When Helping Hurts is a new classic!","{'Social Justice', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","232 pages, Paperback",4.19
The Year of Living Biblically: One Man's Humble Quest to Follow the Bible as Literally as Possible,A.J. Jacobs,"Avoiding shellfish was easy. The stoning of adulterers proved a little more difficult - and potentially controversial. Was it enough to walk up to an adulterer and gently touch them with a stone? Even that could be grounds for accusations of assault, especially with female adulterers in Manhattan. So what's a good Bible-reading boy to do?Raised in a secular family but increasingly interested in the relevance of faith in our modern world, A.J. Jacobs decides to dive in headfirst and attempt to obey the hundreds of less-publicised rules. The resulting spiritual journey is at once funny and profound, reverent and irreverent, personal and universal, and will make you see history's most influential book with new eyes.","{'Humor', 'Biography', 'Spirituality', 'Biography Memoir', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Memoir'}","388 pages, Hardcover",3.75
Through Gates of Splendor,Elisabeth Elliot,"Through Gates of Splendor is the true story of five young missionaries who were savagely killed while trying to establish communication with the Auca Indians of Ecuador. The story is told through the eyes of Elisabeth Elliot, the wife of one of the young men who was killed.","{'Biography', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'History', 'Christianity', 'Memoir'}","274 pages, Mass Market Paperback",4.35
Jesus of Nazareth: From the Baptism in the Jordan to the Transfiguration,Pope Benedict XVI,"Pope Benedict XVI's iconic life of Jesus, a rich, compelling, flesh-and-blood portrait of the central figure of the Christian faith.""This book is . . . my personal search 'for the face of the Lord.'""--Benedict XVI In this bold, momentous work, the Pope seeks to salvage the person of Jesus from today's ""popular"" depictions and to restore his true identity as discovered in the Gospels. Through his brilliance as a theologian and his personal conviction as a believer, the Pope incites us to encounter Jesus face to face.From Jesus of Nazareth "". . . the great question that will be with us throughout this entire book: But what has Jesus really brought, then, if he has not brought world peace, universal prosperity, and a better world? What has he brought? The answer is very simple: God. He has brought God! He has brought the God who once gradually unveiled his countenance first to Abraham, then to Moses and the prophets, and then in the wisdom literature-the God who showed his face only in Israel, even though he was also honored among the pagans in various shadowy guises. It is this God, the God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacob, the true God, whom he has brought to the peoples of the earth. He has brought God, and now we know his face, now we can call upon him. Now we know the path that we human beings have to take in this world. Jesus has brought God and with God the truth about where we are going and where we come from: faith, hope, and love.""","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Catholic', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","374 pages, Hardcover",4.42
The Wounded Healer : Ministry in Contemporary Society,Henri J.M. Nouwen,"The Wounded Healer is a hope-filled and profoundly simple book that speaks directly to those men and women who want to be of service in their church or community, but have found the traditional ways often threatening and ineffective. In this book, Henri Nouwen combines creative case studies of ministry with stories from diverse cultures and religious traditions in preparing a new model for ministry. Weaving keen cultural analysis with his psychological and religious insights, Nouwen has come up with a balanced and creative theology of service that begins with the realization of fundamental woundedness in human nature. Emphasizing that which is in humanity common to both minister and believer, this woundedness can serve as a source of strength and healing when counseling others. Nouwen proceeds to develop his approach to ministry with an analysis of sufferings -- a suffering world, a suffering generation, a suffering person, and a suffering minister. It is his contention that ministers are called to recognize the sufferings of their time in their own hearts and make that recognition the starting point of their service. For Nouwen, ministers must be willing to go beyond their professional role and leave themselves open as fellow human beings with the same wounds and suffering -- in the image of Christ. In other words, we heal from our own wounds. Filled with examples from everyday experience, The Wounded Healer is a thoughtful and insightful guide that will be welcomed by anyone engaged in the service of others.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","100 pages, Paperback",4.23
Battlefield Of The Mind: Winning The Battle In Your Mind,Joyce Meyer,"Worry, doubt, confusion, depression, anger and feelings of condemnation: all these are attacks on the mind. If readers suffer from negative thoughts, they can take heart! Joyce Meyer has helped millions win these all-important battles. In her most popular bestseller ever, the beloved author and minister shows readers how to change their lives by changing their minds. She teaches how to deal with thousands of thoughts that people think every day and how to focus the mind the way God thinks. And she shares the trials, tragedies, and ultimate victories from her own marriage, family, and ministry that led her to wondrous, life-transforming truth--and reveals her thoughts and feelings every step of the way. This special updated edition includes an additional introduction and updated content throughout the book.","{'Self Help', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","328 pages, Paperback",4.31
The Story of Christianity: Volume 1: The Early Church to the Reformation,Justo L. González,"“This crisp retelling of Christian history from the days of the apostles to the eve of the Reformation is filled with insight.”— Mark A. Noll, Wheaton College The Story of Christianity, Volume 1 is a narrative history of Christianity, from the Early Church to the Dawn of the Reformation, from Justo L. Gonzalez, author of the highly praised three-volume History of Christian Thought .","{'Christian', 'Church History', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity'}","429 pages, Paperback",4.21
90 Minutes in Heaven: A True Story of Death and Life,Cecil Murphey,"As he is driving home from a minister's conference, Baptist minister Don Piper collides with a semi-truck that crosses into his lane. He is pronounced dead at the scene. For the next 90 minutes, Piper experiences heaven where he is greeted by those who had influenced him spiritually. He hears beautiful music and feels true peace.Back on earth, a passing minister who had also been at the conference is led to pray for Don even though he knows the man is dead. Piper miraculously comes back to life and the bliss of heaven is replaced by a long and painful recovery.For years Piper kept his heavenly experience to himself. Finally, however, friends and family convinced him to share his remarkable story.","{'Biography', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Inspirational', 'Memoir', 'Spirituality'}","206 pages, Paperback",3.97
Love and Respect: The Love She Most Desires; The Respect He Desperately Needs,Emerson Eggerichs,"A New York Times best-selling marriage book with more than one million copies sold!Based on over three decades of counseling, as well as scientific and biblical research, Dr. Emerson Eggerichs and his wife, Sarah, have already taken the Love & Respect message across America and are changing the way couples talk to, think about, and treat each other. What do you want for your marriage? Want some peace? Want to feel close? Want to feel valued? Want to experience marriage the way God intended? Then why not try some Love and Respect.A wife has one driving need?to feel loved. When that need is met, she is happy. A husband has one driving need?to feel respected. When that need is met, he is happy. When either of these needs isn’t met, things get crazy. Love & Respect reveals why spouses react negatively to each other, and how they can deal with such conflict quickly, easily, and biblically.","{'Self Help', 'Christian', 'Relationships', 'Nonfiction', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Marriage'}","324 pages, Hardcover",4.16
The Valley of Vision: A Collection of Puritan Prayers and Devotions,Arthur      Bennett,"The strength of Puritan character and life lay in prayer and meditation. In this practice the spirit of prayer was regarded as of first importance and the best form of prayer, for living prayer is the characteristic of genuine spirituality. Yet prayer is also vocal and may therefore on occasions be written. Consequently in the Puritan tradition there are many written prayers and meditations which constitute an important corpus of inspiring devotional literature. Too often ex tempore prayer lacks variety, order and definiteness. The reason for this lies partly in a neglect of due preparation. It is here that the care and scriptural thoroughness which others found necessary in their approach to God may be of help. This book has been prepared not to 'supply' prayers but to prompt and encourage the Christian as he treads the path on which others have gone before.","{'Christian', 'Prayer', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","223 pages, Paperback",4.52
I Don't Have Enough Faith to be an Atheist,Norman L. Geisler,c-5,"{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","447 pages, Paperback",4.18
"The Universal Christ: How a Forgotten Reality Can Change Everything We See, Hope For and Believe",Richard Rohr,"NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER - With a new afterword - From one of the world's most influential spiritual thinkers, a long-awaited book exploring what it means that Jesus was called ""Christ,"" and how this forgotten truth can restore hope and meaning to our lives. ""Anyone who strives to put their faith into action will find encouragement and inspiration in the pages of this book.""--Melinda GatesIn his decades as a globally recognized teacher, Richard Rohr has helped millions realize what is at stake in matters of faith and spirituality. Yet Rohr has never written on the most perennially talked about topic in Christianity: Jesus. Most know who Jesus was, but who was Christ? Is the word simply Jesus's last name? Too often, Rohr writes, our understandings have been limited by culture, religious debate, and the human tendency to put ourselves at the center.Drawing on scripture, history, and spiritual practice, Rohr articulates a transformative view of Jesus Christ as a portrait of God's constant, unfolding work in the world. ""God loves things by becoming them,"" he writes, and Jesus's life was meant to declare that humanity has never been separate from God--except by its own negative choice. When we recover this fundamental truth, faith becomes less about proving Jesus was God, and more about learning to recognize the Creator's presence all around us, and in everyone we meet.Thought-provoking, practical, and full of deep hope and vision, The Universal Christ is a landmark book from one of our most beloved spiritual writers, and an invitation to contemplate how God liberates and loves all that is.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","260 pages, Hardcover",4.45
The Orthodox Way,Kallistos Ware,"This book is a general account of the doctrine, worship and life of Orthodox Christians by the author of the now classic THE ORTHODOX CHURCH. It raises the basic issues of theology: God as hidden yet revealed; the problem of evil; the nature of salvation; the meaning of faith; prayer; death and what lies beyond. In so doing, it helps to fill the need for a modern Orthodox catechism. Yet this book is not a mere manual, a dry-as-dust repository of information. Throughout the book, Father Ware shows the meaning of Orthodox doctrine for the life of the individual Christian. Doctrinal issues are seen not as abstract propositions for thological debate but as affecting the whole of life.A wealth of texts drawn from theologians and spiritual writers of all ages accompanies Father Ware's presentation. They too reveal Orthodoxy not just as a system of beliefs, practices and customs but indeed as the Way.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","164 pages, Paperback",4.37
Pensées,Blaise Pascal,"Blaise Pascal, the precociously brilliant contemporary of Descartes, was a gifted mathematician and physicist, but it is his unfinished apologia for the Christian religion upon which his reputation now rests. The Penseés is a collection of philosohical fragments, notes and essays in which Pascal explores the contradictions of human nature in pscyhological, social, metaphysical and - above all - theological terms. Mankind emerges from Pascal's analysis as a wretched and desolate creature within an impersonal universe, but who can be transformed through faith in God's grace.","{'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'France'}","334 pages, Paperback",3.94
Total Truth: Liberating Christianity from its Cultural Captivity,Nancy R. Pearcey,"Is God a public figure? Does Christianity have a legitimate role to play in the public realm of politics, business, law, and education? Or are secularists right when they relegate religion to the strictly private realm of faith and feelings? In Total Truth, Nancy Pearcey offers a razor-sharp analysis of the split between public and private, fact and feelings. She reveals the strategies of secularist gatekeepers who use this division to banish biblical principles from the cultural mainstream, stripping Christianity of its power to challenge and redeem the whole of culture.How can we overcome this divide? Unify our fragmented lives? Recover authentic spirituality? With compelling examples from the struggles of real people, Pearcey shows how to liberate Christianity from its cultural captivity. She walks readers through practical, hands-on steps for developing a full-orbed Christian worldview. Finally, she makes a passionate case that Christianity is not just religious truth but truth about total reality. It is total truth.This new Study Guide Edition of Total Truth is filled with fresh stories, examples, and illustrations. Based on questions and comments raised by readers of the book, it is ideal for individual or group study.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Cultural', 'Christianity'}","512 pages, Hardcover",4.19
The Sacred Romance: Drawing Closer to the Heart of God,Brent Curtis,"The God who saves is also a God who woos His own to a relationship primarily of the heart. As we draw closer to Him, we must choose to let go of other ""less-wild lovers,"" such as perfectionistic driveness and self-indulgence. Eldredge and Curtis identify the lies offered by ""false loves"" and instruct us on the journey back to the Lover of our souls.In carefully crafted words and images, the authors entice the reader to his or her own journey of the heart, promising, ""It is possible to recover the lost life of our heart and with it the intimacy, beauty, and adventure of life with God.""","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","228 pages, Hardcover",3.98
The Way of a Pilgrim and the Pilgrim Continues His Way,Anonymous,"This enduring work of Russian spirituality has charmed countless people with its tale of a nineteenth-century peasant's quest for the secret of prayer. Readers follow this anonymous pilgrim as he treks over the Steppes in search of the answer to the one compelling question: How does one pray constantly? Through his journeys, and under the tutelage of a spiritual father, he becomes gradually more open to the promptings of God, and sees joy and plenty wherever he goes. Ultimately, he discovers the different meanings and methods of prayer as he travels to his ultimate destination, Jerusalem.The Way of a Pilgrim is a humble story ripe for renewed appreciation today. The recent changes in Russia have revealed the great religious traditions of that land, and this work, freshly translated for modern times, is among the finest examples of those centuries-old traditions.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","196 pages, Paperback",4.17
Introduction to the Devout Life,Francis de Sales,"Written for Christians in every walk of life and for every age, St. Francis De Sales' classic work transcends secular lines and provides a unique handbook of spiritual reflection for people in every avenue of life.","{'Christian', 'Religion', 'Catholic', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","288 pages, Paperback",4.33
New Seeds of Contemplation,Thomas Merton,"One of the best-loved books by one of the great spiritual authors of our time, with a new introduction by best-selling author Sue Monk Kidd. New Seeds of Contemplation is one of Thomas Merton's most widely read and best-loved books. Christians and non-Christians alike have joined in praising it as a notable successor in the meditative tradition of St. John of the Cross, The Cloud of Unknowing , and the medieval mystics, while others have compared Merton's reflections with those of Thoreau. New Seeds of Contemplation seeks to awaken the dormant inner depths of the spirit so long neglected by Western man, to nurture a deeply contemplative and mystical dimension in our lives. For Merton, ""Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul. For just as the wind carries thousands of winged seeds, so each moment brings with it germs of spiritual vitality that come to rest imperceptibly in the minds and wills of men. Most of these unnumbered seeds perish and are lost, because men are not prepared to receive them: for such seeds as these cannot spring up anywhere except in the soil of freedom, spontaneity and love.""","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","297 pages, Paperback",4.25
Jesus and the Disinherited,Howard Thurman,"In this classic theological treatise, the acclaimed theologian and religious leader Howard Thurman (1900–81) demonstrates how the gospel may be read as a manual of resistance for the poor and disenfranchised. Jesus is a partner in the pain of the oppressed and the example of His life offers a solution to ending the descent into moral nihilism. Hatred does not empower—it decays. Only through self-love and love of one another can God's justice prevail.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","102 pages, Paperback",4.51
The Spirit of the Disciplines: Understanding How God Changes Lives,Dallas Willard,"How to Live as Jesus LivedDallas Willard, one of today's most brilliant Christian thinkers and author of The Divine Conspiracy (Christianity Today's 1999 Book of the Year), presents a way of living that enables ordinary men and women to enjoy the fruit of the Christian life. He reveals how the key to self-transformation resides in the practice of the spiritual disciplines, and how their practice affirms human life to the fullest. The Spirit of the Disciplines is for everyone who strives to be a disciple of Jesus in thought and action as well as intention.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","288 pages, Paperback",4.13
A Long Obedience in the Same Direction: Discipleship in an Instant Society,Eugene H. Peterson,"As a society, we are no less obsessed with the immediate than when Eugene Peterson first wrote this Christian classic. If anything, email and the Internet may have intensified our quest for the quick fix. But Peterson's time-tested prescription for discipleship remains the same--a long obedience in the same direction. Tucked away in the Hebrew Psalter, Peterson discovered ""an old dog-eared songbook,"" the Songs of Ascents that were sung by pilgrims on their way up to worship in Jerusalem. In these songs (Psalms 120-134) Peterson finds encouragement for modern pilgrims as we learn to grow in worship, service, joy, work, happiness, humility, community and blessing. This 20th anniversary edition of A Long Obedience in the Same Direction features these Psalms in Peterson's widely acclaimed paraphrase, The Message. He also includes an epilogue in which he reflects on the themes of this book and his ministry during the twenty years since its original publication.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Discipleship', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","216 pages, Paperback",4.26
"Living Buddha, Living Christ",Thich Nhat Hanh,"Exploring the spiritual connection between Christianity and Buddhism, Thich Nhat Hanh reawakens an understanding of both religions and offers simple yet meaningful ways to enhance our daily lives. Reprint.","{'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Buddhism', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","240 pages, Paperback",4.15
"Uninvited: Living Loved When You Feel Less Than, Left Out, and Lonely",Lysa TerKeurst,"""Rejection steals the best of who I am by reinforcing the worst of what's been said to me.""The enemy wants us to feel rejected . . . left out, lonely, and less than.In Uninvited, Lysa shares her own deeply personal experiences of rejection—from the perceived judgment of the perfectly toned woman one elliptical over to the incredibly painful childhood abandonment by her father. She leans in to honestly examine the roots of rejection, as well as rejection's ability to poison relationships from the inside out, including our relationship with God.With biblical depth, gut-honest vulnerability, and refreshing wit, Lysa will help you:• Stop feeling left out by believing that even when you are overlooked by others you are handpicked by God.• Change your tendency to either fall apart or control the actions of others by embracing God-honoring ways to process your hurt.• Know exactly what to pray for the next ten days to steady your soul and restore your confidence in the midst of rejection.• Overcome the two core fears that feed your insecurities by understanding the secret of belonging.Uninvited reminds us we are destined for a love that can never be diminished, tarnished, shaken, or taken—a love that does not reject or uninvite.","{'Self Help', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","275 pages, Paperback",4.19
"The Origin of Satan: How Christians Demonized Jews, Pagans and Heretics",Elaine Pagels,"From the National Book Award-winning and National Book Critics Circle Award-winning author of The Gnostic Gospels comes a dramatic interpretation of Satan and his role on the Christian tradition. ""Arresting...brilliant...this book illuminates the angels with which we must wrestle to come to the truth of our bedeviling spritual problems."" —The Boston GlobeWith magisterial learning and the elan of a born storyteller, Pagels turns Satan’s story into an audacious exploration of Christianity’s shadow side, in which the gospel of love gives way to irrational hatreds that continue to haunt Christians and non-Christians alike.","{'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","214 pages, Paperback",3.90
On Guard: Defending Your Faith with Reason and Precision,William Lane Craig,"Renowned scholar William Lane Craig offers a readable, rich training manual for defending the Christian faith.This concise guide is filled with illustrations, sidebars, and memorizable steps to help Christians stand their ground and defend their faith with reason and precision. In his engaging style, Dr. Craig offers four arguments for God’s existence, defends the historicity of Jesus’ personal claims and resurrection, addresses the problem of suffering, and shows why religious relativism doesn’t work. Along the way, he shares his story of following God’s call in his own life.This one-stop, how-to-defend-your-faith manual will equip Christians to advance faith conversations deliberately, applying straightforward, cool-headed arguments. They will discover not just what they believe, but why they believe—and how being on guard with the truth has the power to change lives forever.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","288 pages, Paperback",4.36
The Poisonwood Bible,Barbara Kingsolver,"The Poisonwood Bible is a story told by the wife and four daughters of Nathan Price, a fierce, evangelical Baptist who takes his family and mission to the Belgian Congo in 1959. They carry with them everything they believe they will need from home, but soon find that all of it -- from garden seeds to Scripture -- is calamitously transformed on African soil. What follows is a suspenseful epic of one family's tragic undoing and remarkable reconstruction over the course of three decades in postcolonial Africa.","{'Historical', 'Literature', 'Classics', 'Africa', 'Historical Fiction', 'Fiction', 'Literary Fiction'}","546 pages, Hardcover",4.09
Letter to a Christian Nation,Sam Harris,"In response to The End of Faith, Sam Harris received thousands of letters from Christians excoriating him for not believing in God. Letter to A Christian Nation is his reply. Using rational argument, Harris offers a measured refutation of the beliefs that form the core of fundamentalist Christianity. In the course of his argument, he addresses current topics ranging from intelligent design and stem-cell research to the connections between religion and violence. In Letter to a Christian Nation, Sam Harris boldly challenges the influence that faith has on public life in our nation.","{'Atheism', 'Science', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Politics', 'Christianity'}","96 pages, Hardcover",4.00
Life of the Beloved: Spiritual Living in a Secular World,Henri J.M. Nouwen,"Initially written for a Jewish friend, Life of the Beloved has become Henri Nouwen’s greatest legacy to Christians around the world. This sincere testimony of the power and invitation of Christ is indeed a great guide to a truly uplifting spiritual life in today’s world.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","160 pages, Paperback",4.22
This Present Darkness,Frank E. Peretti,"""For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the cosmic powers over this present darkness, against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly places."" Ephesians 6:12Ashton is just a typical small town. But when a skeptical reporter and a prayerful, hardworking pastor begin to investigate mysterious events, they suddenly find themselves caught up in a hideous New Age plot to enslave the townspeople, and eventually the entire human race. The physical world meets the spiritual realm as the battle rages between forces of good and evil.This Present Darkness is a gripping story that brings keen insight into spiritual warfare and the necessity of prayer. Since its original publication more than 2.7 million copies have been sold. The companion volume, Piercing the Darkness, continues the story of the battle between spiritual forces.","{'Thriller', 'Christian', 'Fantasy', 'Religion', 'Fiction', 'Christian Fiction', 'Spirituality'}","376 pages, Paperback",4.23
Christianity and Liberalism,J. Gresham Machen,"Machen's classic defense of orthodox Christianity establishes the importance of scriptural doctrine and contrasts the teachings of liberalism and orthodoxy on God and man, the Bible, Christ, salvation, and the church. Though originally published nearly seventy years ago, the book maintains its relevance today.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","199 pages, Paperback",4.31
The Bible Tells Me So: Why Defending Scripture Has Made Us Unable to Read It,Peter Enns,"The controversial Bible scholar and author of The Evolution of Adam recounts his transformative spiritual journey in which he discovered a new, more honest way to love and appreciate God’s Word.Trained as an evangelical Bible scholar, Peter Enns loved the Scriptures and shared his devotion, teaching at Westminster Theological Seminary. But the further he studied the Bible, the more he found himself confronted by questions that could neither be answered within the rigid framework of his religious instruction or accepted among the conservative evangelical community.Rejecting the increasingly complicated intellectual games used by conservative Christians to “protect” the Bible, Enns was conflicted. Is this what God really requires? How could God’s plan for divine inspiration mean ignoring what is really written in the Bible? These questions eventually cost Enns his job—but they also opened a new spiritual path for him to follow.The Bible Tells Me So chronicles Enns’s spiritual odyssey, how he came to see beyond restrictive doctrine and learned to embrace God’s Word as it is actually written. As he explores questions progressive evangelical readers of Scripture commonly face yet fear voicing, Enns reveals that they are the very questions that God wants us to consider—the essence of our spiritual study.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","288 pages, Hardcover",4.22
"Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint",Nadia Bolz-Weber,"Foul-mouthed and heavily tattooed, former standup comic-turned-Lutheran pastor Nadia Bolz-Weber weaves hilarious rants and stunning theological insight into her personal narrative of a flawed, beautiful, and unlikely life of faith.Bizarre, rich, and remarkable, PASTRIX turns spiritual memoir on its ear in a sardonically irreverent and beautifully honest page-turner that readers will never forget. Nadia Bolz-Weber takes no prisoners as she reclaims the term pastrix (a negative term used by some Christians who refuse to recognize women as pastors) in this wildly entertaining and deeply resonant memoir about an outrageous, unlikely life of faith. From a commune of haggard-but-hopeful slackers to the wobbly chairs and war stories of Alcoholic Anonymous, from a funeral in a smoky downtown comedy club to an unexpected revelation during the Haitian stations of the cross, PASTRIX is a journey of cranky spirituality that intersects religion with real life, weaving incredible narrative, hilarious rants, and poignant honesty to portray a life deeply flawed and deeply faithful-giving hope to the rest of us.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Memoir', 'Spirituality'}","204 pages, Hardcover",4.32
Accidental Saints: Finding God in All the Wrong People,Nadia Bolz-Weber,"NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLERWhat if that person you've been trying to avoid is your best shot at grace today?And what if that's the point?In Accidental Saints, New York Times best-selling au­thor Nadia Bolz-Weber invites readers into a surprising encounter with what she calls “a religious but not-so-spiritual life.” Tattooed, angry and profane, this former standup comic turned pastor stubbornly, sometimes hilariously, resists the God she feels called to serve. But God keeps showing up in the least likely of people—a church-loving agnostic, a drag queen, a felonious Bishop and a gun-toting member of the NRA.  As she lives and worships alongside these “ac­cidental saints,” Nadia is swept into first-hand en­counters with grace—a gift that feels to her less like being wrapped in a warm blanket and more like being hit with a blunt instrument. But by this grace, people are trans­formed in ways they couldn’t have been on their own.  In a time when many have rightly become dis­illusioned with Christianity, Accidental Saints dem­onstrates what happens when ordinary people share bread and wine, struggle with scripture together, and tell each other the truth about their real lives. This unforgettable account of their faltering steps toward wholeness will ring true for believer and skeptic alike.  Told in Nadia’s trademark confessional style, Accidental Saints is the stunning next work from one of today’s most important religious voices.From the Hardcover edition.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Memoir', 'Spirituality'}","224 pages, ebook",4.19
Reading While Black: African American Biblical Interpretation as an Exercise in Hope,Esau McCaulley,"Growing up in the American South, Esau McCaulley knew firsthand the ongoing struggle between despair and hope that marks the lives of some in the African American context. A key element in the fight for hope, he discovered, has long been the practice of Bible reading and interpretation that comes out of traditional Black churches. This ecclesial tradition is often disregarded or viewed with suspicion by much of the wider church and academy, but it has something vital to say. Reading While Black is a personal and scholarly testament to the power and hope of Black biblical interpretation. At a time in which some within the African American community are questioning the place of the Christian faith in the struggle for justice, New Testament scholar McCaulley argues that reading Scripture from the perspective of Black church tradition is invaluable for connecting with a rich faith history and addressing the urgent issues of our times. He advocates for a model of interpretation that involves an ongoing conversation between the collective Black experience and the Bible, in which the particular questions coming out of Black communities are given pride of place and the Bible is given space to respond by affirming, challenging, and, at times, reshaping Black concerns. McCaulley demonstrates this model with studies on how Scripture speaks to topics often overlooked by white interpreters, such as ethnicity, political protest, policing, and slavery. Ultimately McCaulley calls the church to a dynamic theological engagement with Scripture, in which Christians of diverse backgrounds dialogue with their own social location as well as the cultures of others. Reading While Black moves the conversation forward.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Race'}","200 pages, Kindle Edition",4.45
The Christian Atheist: Believing in God but Living As If He Doesn't Exist,Craig Groeschel,"“The more I looked, the more I found Christian Atheists everywhere.”Former Christian Atheist Craig Groeschel knows his subject all too well. After over a decade of successful ministry, he had to make a painful self admission: although he believed in God, he was leading his church like God didn’t exist.To Christians and non-Christians alike, to the churched and the unchurched, the journey leading up to Groeschel’s admission and the journey that follows—from his family and his upbringing to the lackluster and even diametrically opposed expressions of faith he encountered—will look and sound like the story of their own lives.Now the founding and senior pastor of the multicampus, pace-setting LifeChurch.tv, Groeschel's personal journey toward a more authentic God-honoring life is more relevant than ever.Christians and Christian Atheists everywhere will be nodding their heads as they are challenged to take their own honest moment and ask the question: am I putting my whole faith in God but still living as if everything was up to me?","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","256 pages, Hardcover",4.05
Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art,Madeleine L'Engle,"In this classic book, Madeleine L'Engle addresses the questions, What makes art Christian? What does it mean to be a Christian artist? What is the relationship between faith and art? Through L'Engle's beautiful and insightful essay, readers will find themselves called to what the author views as the prime tasks of an artist: to listen, to remain aware, and to respond to creation through one's own art.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Writing', 'Art'}","256 pages, Hardcover",4.23
Making Sense of God: An Invitation to the Skeptical,Timothy J. Keller,"Making Sense of God: An Invitation to the Skeptical, is a prequel to The Reason for God: Belief in an Age of Skepticism. We live in an age of skepticism. Our society places such faith in empirical reason, historical progress, and heartfelt emotion that it’s easy to wonder: Why should anyone believe in Christianity? What role can faith and religion play in our modern lives? In this thoughtful and inspiring new book, pastor and New York Times bestselling author Timothy Keller invites skeptics to consider that Christianity is more relevant now than ever. As human beings, we cannot live without meaning, satisfaction, freedom, identity, justice, and hope. Christianity provides us with unsurpassed resources to meet these needs. Written for both the ardent believer and the skeptic, Making Sense of God shines a light on the profound value and importance of Christianity in our lives.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","336 pages, Hardcover",4.30
Falling Upward: A Spirituality for the Two Halves of Life,Richard Rohr,"In Falling Upward , Fr. Richard Rohr seeks to help readers understand the tasks of the two halves of life and to show them that those who have fallen, failed, or ""gone down"" are the only ones who understand ""up."" Most of us tend to think of the second half of life as largely about getting old, dealing with health issues, and letting go of life, but the whole thesis of this book is exactly the opposite. What looks like falling down can largely be experienced as ""falling upward."" In fact, it is not a loss but somehow actually a gain, as we have all seen with elders who have come to their fullness. This important book explores the counterintuitive message that we grow spiritually much more by doing wrong than by doing right--a fresh way of thinking about spirituality that grows throughout life.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","199 pages, Hardcover",4.22
Spiritual Disciplines for the Christian Life,Donald S. Whitney,"Drawn from a rich heritage, ""Spiritual Disciplines for the Christian Life"" will guide you through a carefully selected array of disciplines, including:Scripture readingPrayerWorshipScripture meditationEvangelismServingStewardship of time and moneyScripture applicationFastingSilence and solitudeJournalingLearningBy illustrating why the disciplines are important, showing how each one will help you grow in godliness, and offering practical suggestions for cultivating them, ""Spiritual Disciplines for the Christian Life"" will provide you with a refreshing opportunity to become more like Christ and grow in character and maturity.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Discipleship', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","272 pages, Paperback",4.25
Let Me Be a Woman,Elisabeth Elliot,"“In order to learn what it means to be a woman, we must start with the One who made her.” Working from Scripture, well-known speaker and author Elisabeth Elliot shares her observations and experiences in a number of essays on what it means to be a Christian woman, whether single, married, or widowed.1. The God who is in charge --2. Not who am I? but whose am I? --3. Where to hang your soul --4. A daughter, not a Son --5. Creation, woman for man --6. Jellyfish and pride --7. The right kind of pride --8. The weight of wings --9. Single life, a gift --10. One day at a time --11. Trust for separation --12. Self discipline and order --13. Whose battle? --14. Freedom through discipline --15. God sets no traps --16. A paradoxical principle --17. Masculine and feminine --18. The soul is feminine --19. Is submission stifling? --20. Twenty questions --21. A choice is a limitation --22. Commitment, gratitude, dependence --23. You marry a sinner --24. You marry a man --25. You marry a husband --26. You marry a person --27. Forsaking all others --28. Dynamic, not static --29. A union --30. A mirror --31. A vocation --32. What makes a marriage work --33. Acceptance of divine order --34. Equality is not a Christian ideal --35. Heirs of grace --36. Proportional equality --37. The humility of ceremony --38. Authority --39. Subordination --40. The restraint of power --41. Strength by constraint --42. Masters of ourselves --43. A universe of harmony --44. Be a real woman --45. The courage of the creator --46. The inner sanctum --47. Loyalty --48. Love is action --49. Love means a cross","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian Non Fiction', 'Christian Living', 'Marriage'}","192 pages, Mass Market Paperback",4.27
Tribulation Force,Tim LaHaye,"In one cataclysmic moment, millions around the globe disappear.Those left behind face war, famine, plagues, and natural disasters so devastating that only one in four people will survive. Odds are even worse for enemies of the Antichrist and his new world order.Rayford Steele, Buck Williams, Bruce Barnes, and Chloe Steele band together to form the Tribulation Force. Their task is clear, and their goal is nothing less than to stand and fight the enemies of God during the seven most chaotic years the planet will ever see.","{'Thriller', 'Christian', 'Fantasy', 'Religion', 'Fiction', 'Christian Fiction', 'Christianity'}","452 pages, Paperback",3.97
Boy Meets Girl: Say Hello to Courtship,Joshua Harris,"Purpose Driven RomanceThe last thing singles want is more rules. But if you’re looking for an intentional, God-pleasing game plan for finding a future spouse, Joshua Harris delivers an appealing one. A compelling new foreword, an all-new “8 Great Courtship Conversations” section, and updated material throughout makes this five-year revision of the original Boy Meets Girl a must-have! Harris illustrates how biblical courtship—a healthy, joyous alternative to recreational dating—worked for him and his wife. Boy Meets Girl presents an inspiring, practical example for readers wanting to pursue the possibility of marriage with someone they may be serious about.Are you ready for “romance with purpose”?If you’re fed up with self-centered relationships that end in disillusionment, it’s time to rethink romance. Finding the loving, committed relationship you want shouldn’t mean throwing away your hopes, your integrity, or your heart.In Boy Meets Girl , Joshua Harris —the guy who kissed dating goodbye—makes the case for courtship. As old-fashioned as it might sound, courtship is what modern day relationships desperately need. Think of it as romance chaperoned by wisdom, cared for by community, and directed by God’s Word.Filled with inspiring stories from men and women who have rediscovered courtship, Boy Meets Girl is honest, romantic, and refreshingly biblical. Keep God at the center of your relationship as you discover how    • Set a clear course for your romance   • Get closer without compromise   • Find support in a caring community   • Deal with past sexual sin   • Make the right decisions about your futureNew! Courtship ConversationsEight ideas for great dates that will help grow and guide your relationship.Story Behind the Book“I wrote I Kissed Dating Goodbye to challenge singles to drop the worldly approach to serial dating and reconsider the way they pursued romance in light of God’s Word. Since then, I’ve received letters asking questions like, So, what comes between friendship and marriage? and, How can you know when you are ready for marriage? Boy Meets Girl answers those questions. Now as a happily married man I can look back on my courtship with Shannon and see from personal experience that God is faithful. If you trust Him enough to wait on romance in dating, He will lovingly guide you as you pursue it in courtship…right to that wonderful moment when you kneel together at the altar.” — Joshua Harris","{'Christian', 'Relationships', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Marriage'}","227 pages, Paperback",3.72
"What Is the Bible?: How an Ancient Library of Poems, Letters, and Stories Can Transform the Way You Think and Feel About Everything",Rob Bell,"Rob Bell, the beloved author of Love Wins and What We Talk About When We Talk About God, goes deep into the Bible to show how it is more revelatory, revolutionary, and relevant than we ever imagined—and offers a cogent argument for why we need to look at it in a fresh, new way.In Love Wins, Rob Bell confronted the troubling questions that many people of faith were afraid to ask about heaven, hell, fate, and faith. Using the same inspired, inquisitive approach, he now turns to our most sacred book, the Bible. What Is the Bible? provides insights and answers that make clear why the Bible is so revered and what makes it truly inspiring and essential to our lives.Rob takes us deep into actual passages to reveal the humanity behind the Scriptures. You cannot get to the holy without going through the human, Rob tells us. When considering a passage, we shouldn’t ask ""Why did God say . . .?"" To get to the heart of the Bible’s meaning, we should be asking: ""What’s the story that’s unfolding here and why did people find it important to tell it? What was it that moved them to record these words? What was happening in the world at that time? What does this passage/story/poem/verse/book tell us about how people understood who they were and who God was at that time?"" In asking these questions, Rob goes beyond the one-dimensional question of ""is it true?"" to reveal the Bible’s authentic transformative power.Rob addresses the concerns of all those who see the Bible as God’s Word but are troubled by the ethical dilemmas, errors, and inconsistencies in Scripture. With What Is the Bible?, he recaptures the Good Book’s magic and reaffirms its power and inspiration to shape and inspire our lives today.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","336 pages, ebook",4.32
The Reformation: A History,Diarmaid MacCulloch,"At a time when men and women were prepared to kill--and be killed--for their faith, the Protestant Reformation tore the Western world apart. Acclaimed as the definitive account of these epochal events, Diarmaid MacCulloch's award-winning history brilliantly recreates the religious battles of priests, monarchs, scholars, and politicians--from the zealous Martin Luther and his Ninety-Five Theses to the polemical John Calvin to the radical Igantius Loyola, from the tortured Thomas Cranmer to the ambitious Philip II. Drawing together the many strands of the Reformation and Counter-Reformation, and ranging widely across Europe and the New World, MacCulloch reveals as never before how these dramatic upheavals affected everyday lives--overturning ideas of love, sex, death, and the supernatural, and shaping the modern age.","{'Church History', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'European History', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity'}","896 pages, Paperback",4.08
Chosen By God: Know God's Perfect Plan for His Glory and His Children,R.C. Sproul,"Here is a clear scriptural case for the classic (and sometimes controversial) Christian doctrine of predestination. Through this view of a truly sovereign God, readers will see how sinfulness prevents man from choosing God on his own; instead, God must change people's hearts.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","187 pages, Paperback",4.31
The New Testament and the People of God,N.T. Wright,"Part of a five-volume project on the theological questions surrounding the origins of Christianity, this book offers a reappraisal of literary, historical and theological readings of the New Testament, arguing for a form of ""critical realism"" that facilitates different readings of the text.Provides a historical, theological and literary study of first-century Judaism and Christianity, offering a preliminary discussion of the meaning of the word ‘god’ within those cultures.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity', 'New Testament'}","535 pages, Paperback",4.39
He Chose the Nails: What God Did to Win Your Heart,Max Lucado,"Linger on the hill of Calvary.Rub a finger on the timber and press the nail into your hand.Taste the tinge of cheap wine and feel the scrape of a thorn on your brow.Touch the velvet dirt, moist with the blood of God.Allow the tools of torture to tell their story.Listen as they tell you what God did to win your heart.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Inspirational', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","215 pages, Paperback",4.39
Traveling Light: Releasing the Burdens You Were Never Intended to Bear,Max Lucado,"Weary travelers. You've seen them -- everything they own crammed into their luggage. Staggering through terminals and hotel lobbies with overstuffed suitcases, trunks, duffels, and backpacks.Backs ache. Feet burn. Eyelids droop.We've all seen people like that.At times, we are people like that -- if not with our physical luggage, then at least with our spiritual load.We all lug loads we were never intended to carry. Fear. Worry. Discontent. No wonder we get so weary. We're worn out from carrying that excess baggage. Wouldn't it be nice to lose some of those bags?That's the invitation of Max Lucado. With the Twenty-third Psalm as our guide, let's release some of the burdens we were never intended to bear.Using these verses as a guide, Max Lucado walks us through a helpful inventory of our burdens. May God use this Psalm to remind you to release the burdens you were never meant to bear.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Christian Non Fiction', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","220 pages, Paperback",4.23
Where Is God When It Hurts?,Philip Yancey,"If there is a loving God, then why is it that … ? You’ve heard that question, perhaps asked it yourself. No matter how you complete it, at its root lies the issue of pain. Does God order our suffering? Does he decree an abusive childhood, orchestrate a jet crash, steer a tornado through a community? Or did he simply wind up the world’s mainspring and now is watching from a distance? In this Gold Medallion Award–winning book, Philip Yancey reveals a God who is neither capricious nor unconcerned. Using examples from the Bible and from his own experiences, Yancey looks at pain—physical, emotional, and spiritual—and helps us understand why we suffer. Where Is God When It Hurts? will speak to those for whom life sometimes just doesn’t make sense. And it will help equip anyone who wants to reach out to someone in pain but just doesn’t know what to say.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","288 pages, Paperback",4.20
"Gay Girl, Good God: The Story of Who I Was and Who God Has Always Been",Jackie Hill Perry,"""I used to be a lesbian.""In 
Gay Girl, Good God
, author Jackie Hill Perry shares her own story, offering practical tools that helped her in the process of finding wholeness. Jackie grew up fatherless, experienced gender confusion, and embraced both masculinity and homosexuality with every fiber of her being. She knew that Christians had a lot to say about all of the above. But was she supposed to change herself? How was she supposed to stop loving women, when homosexuality felt more natural to her than heterosexuality ever could?At age nineteen, Jackie came face-to-face with what it meant to be made new. And not in a church, or through contact with Christians. God broke in and turned her heart toward Him right in her own bedroom in light of His gospel.Read in order to understand. Read in order to hope. Or read in order, like Jackie, to be made new.","{'Biography', 'Christian', 'Audiobook', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christian Living', 'Memoir'}","193 pages, Paperback",4.33
No God but One: Allah or Jesus?: A Former Muslim Investigates the Evidence for Islam and Christianity,Nabeel Qureshi,"Having shared his journey of faith in the New York Times bestselling Seeking Allah, Finding Jesus, Nabeel Qureshi now examines Islam and Christianity in detail, exploring areas of crucial conflict and unpacking the relevant evidence.In this anticipated follow-up book, Nabeel reveals what he discovered in the decade following his conversion, providing a thorough and careful comparison of the evidence for Islam and Christianity--evidence that wrenched his heart and transformed his life.In Seeking Allah, Finding Jesus, Nabeel Qureshi recounted his dramatic journey, describing his departure from Islam and his decision to follow Christ. In the years that followed, he realized that the world’s two largest religions are far more different than they initially appeared.No God but One: Allah or Jesus? addresses the most important questions at the interface of Islam and Christianity: How do the two religions differ? Are the differences significant? Can we be confident that either Christianity or Islam is true? And most important, is it worth sacrificing everything for the truth?Nabeel shares stories from his life and ministry, casts new light on current events, and explores pivotal incidents in the histories of both religions, providing a resource that is gripping and thought-provoking, respectful and challenging.Both Islam and Christianity teach that there is No God but One, but who deserves to be worshiped, Allah or Jesus?","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Islam', 'Christianity'}","320 pages, Paperback",4.61
Crazy Busy: A (Mercifully) Short Book about a (Really) Big Problem,Kevin DeYoung,"We've all heard it. We've all said it. All too often, busyness gets the best of us.Just one look at our jam-packed schedules tells us that we know how hard it can be to strike a well-reasoned balance between doing nothing and doing it all.That's why Kevin DeYoung addresses the busyness in this book, and not with the typical arsenal of time-management tips, but with the biblical tools we need to get to the source of the issue and pull the problem out by the roots.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Productivity', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","124 pages, Paperback",4.08
Kisses from Katie,Katie Davis Majors,"What would cause an eighteen-year-old old senior class president and homecoming queen from Nashville, Tennessee, to disobey and disappoint her parents by forgoing college, break her little brother’s heart, lose all but a handful of her friends (because the rest of them think she has gone off the deep end), and break up with the love of her life, all so she could move to Uganda, where she knew only one person but didn’t know any of the language? A passion to make a difference. Katie Davis left over Christmas break her senior year for a short mission trip to Uganda and her life was turned completely inside out. She found herself so moved, so broken by the people and the children of Uganda that she knew her calling was to return and care for them. Her story is like Mother Teresa’s in that she has given up everything—at such a young age—to care for the less fortunate of this world. Katie, a charismatic and articulate young woman, has gone on to adopt 14 children during her time in Uganda, and she completely trusts God for daily provision for her and her family, which includes children with special needs. To further her reach into the needs of Ugandans, Katie established Amazima Ministries. The ministry matches orphaned children with sponors worldwide. Each sponsor's $300/year provides schooling, school supplies, three hot meals a day, minor medical care, and spiritual encouragement. Katie expected to have forty children in the program; she had signed up 150 by January 2008; today it sponsors over 400. Another aspect of the ministry is a feeding program created for the displaced Karamojong people—Uganda's poorest citizens. The program feeds lunch to over 1200 children Monday-Friday and sends them home with a plate for food; it also offers basic medical care, Bible study, and general health training.Katie Davis, now 21, is more than fascinating, she's inspiring, as she has wholeheartedly answered the call to serve.","{'Biography', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Africa', 'Christianity', 'Memoir'}","275 pages, Hardcover",4.39
Hearing God: Developing a Conversational Relationship with God,Dallas Willard,"""God spoke to me."" ""The Spirit spoke to my heart."" ""God revealed the idea to me."" Being close to God means communicating with him--telling him what is on our hearts in prayer and hearing and understanding what he is saying to us. It is this second half of our conversation with God that is so important but that can also be so difficult. How do we hear his voice? How can we be sure that what we think we hear is not our own subconscious? What role does the Bible play? What if what God says to us is not clear? The key, says best-selling author Dallas Willard, is to focus not so much on individual actions and decisions as on building our personal relationship with our Creator. In this updated classic, originally published as In Search of Guidance, the author provides rich spiritual insight into how we can hear God's voice clearly and develop an intimate partnership with him in the work of his kingdom.","{'Christian', 'Prayer', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","228 pages, Paperback",4.16
The Power of a Praying Wife,Stormie Omartian,"Stormie Omartian's bestselling The Power of a Praying series (more than 23 million copies sold) is rereleased with fresh new covers and new material to reach a still-growing market of readers eager to discover the power of prayer for their lives.Stormie joyfully inspires you to develop a deeper relationship with your husband by utilizing the amazing power of prayer. This uplifting resource is packed with practical advice on praying for specific areas of your husband's life, including his decision-making fears spiritual strength role as father, leader faith and future.If you desire a closer relationship with your spouse, you will appreciate the life illustrations, encouraging Bible verses, and the assurances of God's promises and power for your marriage.","{'Christian', 'Prayer', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality', 'Marriage'}","208 pages, Paperback",4.33
The Cloud of Unknowing,Anonymous,"Widely considered a hallmark of Western literature and spirituality, The Cloud of Unknowing is an anonymous English monk’s sublime expression of what separates God from humanity. Originally written in the 14th century, now part of the HarperCollins Spiritual classics series, this beautiful contemplative resource, has been embraced for hundreds of years for its simple, engaging style and spiritual truths. As the unknown author assures us, “if you are to experience Him or to see Him at all, insofar as it is possible here, it must always be in this cloud.” —The Cloud of Unknowing.","{'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","176 pages, Paperback",4.03
The New Oxford Annotated Bible: New Revised Standard Version,Anonymous,"Countless students, professors and general readers alike have relied upon The New Oxford Annotated Bible for essential scholarship and guidance to the world of the Bible. Now the Augmented Third Edition adds to the established reputation of this premier academic resource. A wealth of newmaps, charts, and diagrams further clarify information found in the scripture pages. In addition, section introductions have been expanded and the book introductions have been made more uniform in order to enhance their utility. Of course, the Augmented Third Edition retains the features prized bystudents, including single column annotations at the foot of the pages, in-text background essays, charts, and maps, a page number-keyed index of all the study materials in the volume, and Oxford's renowned Bible maps. This timely edition maintains and extends the excellence the Annotated's usershave come to expect, bringing still more insights, information, and approaches to bear upon the understanding of the biblical text.","{'Reference', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity'}","2432 pages, Hardcover",4.34
Torn: Rescuing the Gospel from the Gays-vs.-Christians Debate,Justin Lee,"As a teenager and young man, Justin Lee felt deeply torn. Nicknamed ""God Boy"" by his peers, he knew that he was called to a life in the evangelical Christian ministry. But Lee harbored a secret: He also knew that he was gay. In this groundbreaking book, Lee recalls the events—his coming out to his parents, his experiences with the ""ex-gay"" movement, and his in-depth study of the Bible—that led him, eventually, to self-acceptance. But more than just a memoir, TORN provides insightful, practical guidance for all committed Christians who wonder how to relate to gay friends or family members—or who struggle with their own sexuality. Convinced that ""in a culture that sees gays and Christians as enemies, gay Christians are in a unique position to bring peace,"" Lee demonstrates that people of faith on both sides of the debate can respect, learn from, and love one another.","{'Christian', 'LGBT', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","272 pages, Hardcover",4.33
"Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal",Christopher Moore,"The birth of Jesus has been well chronicled, as have his glorious teachings, acts, and divine sacrifice after his thirtieth birthday. But no one knows about the early life of the Son of God, the missing years—except Biff, the Messiah's best bud, who has been resurrected to tell the story in the divinely hilarious yet heartfelt work ""reminiscent of Vonnegut and Douglas Adams"" (Philadelphia Inquirer).Verily, the story Biff has to tell is a miraculous one, filled with remarkable journeys, magic, healings, kung fu, corpse reanimations, demons, and hot babes. Even the considerable wiles and devotion of the Savior's pal may not be enough to divert Joshua from his tragic destiny. But there's no one who loves Josh more—except maybe ""Maggie,"" Mary of Magdala—and Biff isn't about to let his extraordinary pal suffer and ascend without a fight.","{'Humor', 'Historical', 'Fantasy', 'Religion', 'Fiction', 'Historical Fiction', 'Comedy'}","444 pages, Paperback",4.23
Summa Theologica,Thomas Aquinas,"The Summa Theologica , St. Thomas Aquinas' brilliant synthesis of Christian thought, has had a decisive and permanent impact on philosophy and religion since the thirteenth century. As the title indicates, is a summing up of all that can be known about God and humanity's relations with God. Divided into three parts, the work consists of 38 tracts, 631 questions, about 3000 articles, 10,000 objections and their answers. This complete edition of the work, published in five volumes, was translated into English by the Fathers of the Dominican Province and first appeared in 1911. A revised edition was published in London in 1920, and in America in 1947. The Christian Classics edition is a reproduction of the 1947 Benziger Brothers edition.","{'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Philosophy', 'Catholic', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","3020 pages, Hardcover",4.12
The Triumph of Christianity: How a Forbidden Religion Swept the World,Bart D. Ehrman,"The “marvelous” (Reza Aslan, bestselling author of Zealot), New York Times bestselling story of how Christianity became the dominant religion in the West.How did a religion whose first believers were twenty or so illiterate day laborers in a remote part of the empire became the official religion of Rome, converting some thirty million people in just four centuries? In The Triumph of Christianity, early Christian historian Bart D. Ehrman weaves the rigorously-researched answer to this question “into a vivid, nuanced, and enormously readable narrative” (Elaine Pagels, National Book Award-winning author of The Gnostic Gospels), showing how a handful of charismatic characters used a brilliant social strategy and an irresistible message to win over hearts and minds one at a time. This “humane, thoughtful and intelligent” book (The New York Times Book Review) upends the way we think about the single most important cultural transformation our world has ever seen—one that revolutionized art, music, literature, philosophy, ethics, economics, and law.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}",Audio CD,3.93
ESV Study Bible,Anonymous,"The ESV Study Bible was designed to help you understand the Bible in a deeper way. Created by a diverse team of 95 leading Bible scholars and teachers--from 9 countries, nearly 20 denominations, and 50 seminaries, colleges, and universities--the ESV Study Bible features a wide array of study tools, making it a valuable resource for serious readers, students, and teachers of God's Word.Features:Size: 6.5- x 9.25- 9-point Lexicon type (single-column Bible text); 7-point Frutiger type (double-column study notes) 2,752 pages Black letter text Concordance Extensive articles 240 full-color maps and illustrations Smyth-sewn binding Lifetime guarantee Packaging: J-card (HC), clamshell box (TruTone and leather), permanent slipcase (cloth over board)","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Reference', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","2752 pages, Hardcover",4.72
"Present Over Perfect: Leaving Behind Frantic for a Simpler, More Soulful Way of Living",Shauna Niequist,"LIVE A LIFE OF MEANING AND CONNECTIONInstead of pushing for perfectionA few years ago, I found myself exhausted and isolated, my soul and body sick. I was tired of being tired, burned out on busy. And, it seemed almost everyone I talked with was in the same boat: longing for connection, meaning, depth, but settling for busy.I am a wife, mother, daughter, sister, friend, neighbor, writer, and I know all too well that settling feeling. But over the course of the last few years, I’ve learned a way to live, marked by grace, love, rest, and play. And it’s changing everything.Present Over Perfect is an invitation to this journey that changed my life. I’ll walk this path with you, a path away from frantic pushing and proving, and toward your essential self, the one you were created to be before you began proving and earning for your worth.Written in Shauna’s warm and vulnerable style, this collection of essays focuses on the most important transformation in her life, and maybe yours too: leaving behind busyness and frantic living and rediscovering the person you were made to be. Present Over Perfect is a hand reaching out, pulling you free from the constant pressure to perform faster, push harder, and produce more, all while maintaining an exhausting image of perfection.Shauna offers an honest account of what led her to begin this journey, and a compelling vision for an entirely new way to live: soaked in grace, rest, silence, simplicity, prayer, and connection with the people that matter most to us.In these pages, you’ll be invited to consider the landscape of your own life, and what it might look like to leave behind the pressure to be perfect and begin the life-changing practice of simply being present, in the middle of the mess and the ordinariness of life.","{'Self Help', 'Christian', 'Audiobook', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Personal Development', 'Memoir'}","240 pages, Hardcover",3.82
The Kingdom of God Is Within You,Leo Tolstoy,"Banned in Russia, Tolstoy's The Kingdom of God Is Within You was deemed a threat to church and state. The culmination of a lifetime's thought, it espouses a commitment to Jesus's message of turning the other cheek. In a bold and original manner, Tolstoy shows his readers clearly why they must reject violence of any sort—even that sanctioned by the state or the church—and urges them to look within themselves to find the answers to questions of morality.In 1894, one of the first English translations of this book found its way into the hands of a young Gandhi. Inspired by its message of nonresistance to evil, the Mahatma declared it a source of ""independent thinking, profound morality, and truthfulness."" Much of this work's emotional and moral appeal lies in its emphasis on fair treatment of the poor and working class. Its view of Christianity, not as a mystic religion but as a workable philosophy originating from the words of a remarkable teacher, extends its appeal to secular and religious readers alike.","{'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Russia'}","352 pages, Paperback",4.12
The Rise of Christianity,Rodney Stark,"This ""fresh, blunt, and highly persuasive account of how the West was won—for Jesus"" (Newsweek) is now available in paperback. Stark's provocative report challenges conventional wisdom and finds that Christianity's astounding dominance of the Western world arose from its offer of a better, more secure way of life.""Compelling reading"" (Library Journal) that is sure to ""generate spirited argument"" (Publishers Weekly), this account of Christianity's remarkable growth within the Roman Empire is the subject of much fanfare. ""Anyone who has puzzled over Christianity's rise to dominance...must read it."" says Yale University's Wayne A. Meeks, for The Rise of Christianity makes a compelling case for startling conclusions. Combining his expertise in social science with historical evidence, and his insight into contemporary religion's appeal, Stark finds that early Christianity attracted the privileged rather than the poor, that most early converts were women or marginalized Jews—and ultimately ""that Christianity was a success because it proved those who joined it with a more appealing, more assuring, happier, and perhaps longer life"" (Andrew M. Greeley, University of Chicago).","{'Christian', 'Church History', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity'}","272 pages, Paperback",4.06
unChristian: What a New Generation Really Thinks about Christianity... and Why It Matters,David Kinnaman,"David Kinnaman is president of The Barna Group, which provides research and resources that facilitate spiritual transformation in people's lives. Since joining Barna in 1995, David has designed and analyzed nearly five hundred studies for a variety of churches, nonprofits, and corporations. He and George Barna write a free research report published online at www.barna.org. David and his wife Jill have three children and live in Ventura, California.Gabe Lyons founded Fermi Project, a broad collective of innovators, social entrepreneurs, and church and society leaders working together to make positive contributions to culture (www.fermiproject.com). Prior to Fermi Project, Gabe cofounded Catalyst, a national gathering of young leaders, while serving as vice president for John Maxwell's INJOY organization. Gabe, his wife Rebekah, and their three children reside in Atlanta, Georgia.To meet the contributors and learn more about this book and the conversations it is creating, visit www.unchristian.com.This work was commissioned by Fermi Project.The New Testament writer Paul told the first-century Christians: ""You yourselves are our letter . . . known and read by everybody.""When a person ""reads"" your life, what does it say? What does your faith look like to outsiders?A major new research project, unveiled for the first time in this book, describes the increasingly negative reputation of Christians, especially among young Americans.The research shows that Christians are best known for what they are against. They are perceived as being judgmental, antihomosexual, and too political. And young people are quick to point out they believe that Christianity is no longer as Jesus intended. It is unChristian.It shouldn't be this way.What Christians believe may not be popular, but Paul also advised the first believers to ""live wisely among those who are not Christians"" and to ""let your conversation be gracious and effective.""In this eye-opening book, David Kinnaman and Gabe Lyons--along with more than two dozen leading voices within Christianity--unpack the major criticisms leveled against Christians. Understand why those negative images exist and how you can best represent Jesus to your friends, neighbors, and co-workers.Your life is an open book. Is it unChristian?","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","255 pages, Hardcover",3.85
In the Name of Jesus: Reflections on Christian Leadership,Henri J.M. Nouwen,"Henri Nouwen was a spiritual thinker with an unusual capacity to write about the life of Jesus and the love of God in ways that have inspired countless people to trust life more fully.Most widely read among the over 40 books Father Nouwen wrote is In the Name of Jesus. For a society that measures successful leadership in terms of the effectiveness of the individual, Father Nouwen offers a counter definition that is witnessed by a ""communal and mutual experience."" For Nouwen, leadership cannot function apart from the community. His wisdom is grounded in the foundation that we are a people ""called.""This beautiful guide to Christian Leadership is the rich fruit of Henri Nouwen's own journey as one of the most influential spiritual leaders of the 20th century.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Leadership', 'Spirituality'}","120 pages, Paperback",4.27
The Book of Mormon: Another Testament of Jesus Christ,Joseph Smith Jr.,"""Jōsap Smit Jūn̲iyar avarkaḷāl Āṅkilattil mol̲ipeyarkkappaṭṭatu.""","{'Church', 'Lds', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'History', 'Spirituality'}","531 pages, Paperback",4.25
"A Generous Orthodoxy: Why I am a missional, evangelical, post/protestant, liberal/conservative, biblical, charismatic/contemplative, fundamentalist/calvinist, anabaptist/anglican, incarnational, depressed-yet-hopeful, emergent, unfinished Christian",Brian D. McLaren,"Why I am a missional, evangelical, post/protestant, liberal/conservative, mystical/poetic, biblical, charismatic/contemplative, fundamentalist/Calvinist, Anabaptist/Anglican, Methodist, catholic, green, incarnational, depressed- yet hopeful, emergent, unfinished Christian. A confession and manifesto from a senior leader in the emerging church movement. A Generous Orthodoxycalls for a radical, Christ-centered orthodoxy of faith and practice in a missional, generous spirit. Brian McLaren argues for a post-liberal, post-conservative, post-protestant convergence, which will stimulate lively interest and global conversation among thoughtful Christians from all traditions. In a sweeping exploration of belief, author Brian McLaren takes us across the landscape of faith, envisioning an orthodoxy that aims for Jesus, is driven by love, and is defined by missional intent. A Generous Orthodoxy rediscovers the mysterious and compelling ways that Jesus can be embraced across the entire Christian horizon. Rather than establishing what is and is not “orthodox,” McLaren walks through the many traditions of faith, bringing to the center a way of life that draws us closer to Christ and to each other. Whether you find yourself inside, outside, or somewhere on the fringe of Christianity, A Generous Orthodoxy draws you toward a way of living that looks beyond the “us/them” paradigm to the blessed and ancient paradox of “we.” Also available on abridged audio CD, read by the author.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","352 pages, Paperback",3.70
Anxious for Nothing: Finding Calm in a Chaotic World,Max Lucado,"
When it comes to anxiety, depression, and stress-related illnesses, America is the frontrunner. Max Lucado, provides a roadmap for battling with and healing from anxiety. 

Does the uncertainty and chaos of life keep you up at night? Is irrational worry your constant companion? Could you use some calm? If the answer is yes, you are not alone. According to one research program, anxiety-related issues are the number one mental health problem among women and are second only to alcohol and drug abuse among men. Stress-related ailments cost the nation $300 billion every year in medical bills and lost productivity. And use of sedative drugs like Xanax and Valium have skyrocketed in the last 15 years. Even students are feeling it. One psychologist reports that the average high school kid today has the same level of anxiety as the average psychiatric patient in the early 1950s. Chances are, you or someone you know seriously struggles with anxiety.
Max writes, ""The news about our anxiety is enough to make us anxious.” He knows what it feels like to be overcome by the worries and fear of life, which is why he is dedicated to helping millions of readers take back control of their minds and, as a result, their lives.Anxious for Nothing invites readers to delve into Philippians 4:6-7. After all, it is the most highlighted passage of any book on the planet, according to Amazon:
Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.
","{'Self Help', 'Christian', 'Audiobook', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Christian Living'}","240 pages, Hardcover",4.16
Delighting in the Trinity: An Introduction to the Christian Faith,Michael Reeves,"In this brief and winsome book, Michael Reeves presents an introduction to the Christian faith that is rooted in the triune God. He takes cues from preachers and teachers down through the ages, setting key doctrines of creation, the person and work of Christ, and life in the Spirit into a simple framework of the Christian life. A rich and enjoyable read on the basic beliefs of Christianity that avoids dumbing down its profound and life changing truths.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","135 pages, Paperback",4.55
"Experiencing God: Knowing and Doing the Will of God, Workbook",Henry T. Blackaby,"Most Bible studies help people; this one changes them forever. For more than 15 years, God has used Experiencing God in His work, showing believers how to know Him intimately while encouraging them to","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","272 pages, Paperback",4.34
Pagan Christianity?: Exploring the Roots of Our Church Practices,Frank Viola,"This book - written by George Barna and Frank Viola - traces the historical roots of Protestant church practices and asks if the modern-way of doing church is a departure or a development from what Jesus and the apostles taught. Since the book released in 2008, it has never been refuted. The authors have responded to all objections and critics at the book site PaganChristianity dot org, which includes endorsements by scholars. This book is not a stand alone; it only deconstructs. The constructive sequels (Reimagining Church, From Eternity to Here, Finding Organic Church offer practical solutions. Frank Viola's newer books have been recommended by pastors and church leaders. They are for a wider audience. See the entire catalog on the author's blog.","{'Church', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity'}","269 pages, Hardcover",3.84
The Long Loneliness: The Autobiography of the Legendary Catholic Social Activist,Dorothy Day,"This inspiring and fascinating memoir, subtitled, “The Autobiography of the Legendary Catholic Social Activist,” The Long Loneliness is the late Dorothy Day’s compelling autobiographical testament to her life of social activism and her spiritual pilgrimage.A founder of the Catholic Worker Movement and longtime associate of Peter Maurin, Dorothy Day was eulogized in the New York Times as, “a nonviolent social radical of luminous personality.” The Long Loneliness recounts her remarkable journey from the Greenwich Village political and literary scene of the 1920s through her conversion to Catholicism and her lifelong struggle to help bring about “the kind of society where it is easier to be good.” (Description from Amazon.)","{'Biography', 'Autobiography', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Memoir', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","288 pages, Paperback",4.01
The Case for Christianity,C.S. Lewis,"Clear and Compelling Reasoning From the Master Apologist First delivered as an informal radio address during World War II to bring hope to an embattled public, ""The Case for Christianity"" is C.S. Lewis's artful and compelling argument for the reasonableness of Christian faith. Dividing his case into two parts, ""Right and Wrong as a Clue to the Meaning of the Universe"" and ""What Christians Believe"", Lewis uses all the powers of his formidable wit and logic and the strength of his convictions to shed light on this most important subject.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","64 pages, Paperback",4.16
Meeting Jesus Again for the First Time: The Historical Jesus and the Heart of Contemporary Faith,Marcus J. Borg,"Of the many recent books on the historical Jesus, none has explored what the latest biblical scholarship means for personal faith. Now, in Meeting Jesus Again for the First Time , Marcus Borg addresses the yearnings of those who want a fully contemporary faith that welcomes rather than oppresses our critical intelligence and openness to the best of historical scholarship. Borg shows how a rigorous examination of historical findings can lead to a new faith in Christ, one that is critical and, at the same time, sustaining. Drawing on his own journey from a naïve, unquestioning belief in Christ through collegiate skepticism to a mature and contemporary Christian faith, Borg illustrates how an understanding of the historical Jesus can actually lead to a more authentic Christian life—one not rooted in creed or dogma, but in a life of spiritual challenge, compassion, and community. In straightforward, accessible prose, Borg looks at the major findings of modern Jesus scholarship from the perspective of faith, bringing alive the many levels of Jesus's spirit person, teacher of alternative wisdom, social prophet, and movement founder. He also reexamines the major stories of the Old Testament vital to an authentic understanding of Jesus, showing how an enriched understanding of these stories can uncover new truths and new pathways to faith.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","160 pages, Paperback",4.08
A Shepherd Looks at Psalm 23,W. Phillip Keller,"“The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not be in want…”Travel the Shepherd’s path to the green pastures and cool, refreshing waters of Psalm 23.As a shepherd, Phillip Keller shares his insights into the life and character of sheep— and of the Good Shepherd who loves and cares for them. This beloved classic will give new meaning to the ageless Shepherd Psalm, enriching your trust in and love for the Lord who watches closely over you.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","173 pages, Mass Market Paperback",4.46
Letters to the Church,Francis Chan,"If God had it His way, what would your church look like?   The New York Times bestselling author of Crazy Love challenges readers to be the Church as God intends.  Do you want more from your church experience?Does the pure gospel put you in a place of awe?Are you ready to rethink church as you know it?  Sit with Pastor Francis Chan and be reminded that you are a part of something much bigger than yourself, something sacred.   In his most powerful book yet, Chan digs deep into biblical truth, reflects on his own failures and dreams, and shares stories of ordinary people God is using to change the world.   Chan says, “We’ve strayed so far from what God calls Church. We all know it. We know that what we’re experiencing is radically different from the Church in Scripture. For decades, church leaders like myself have lost sight of the inherent mystery of the Church. We have trained people sitting in the pews to become addicted to lesser things. It’s time for that to change.”   When Jesus returns, will He find us caring for His Bride—even more than for our own lives? Letters to the Church reminds us of how powerful, how glorious the Church once was … and calls us to once again be the Church God intended us to be.","{'Church', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","224 pages, Paperback",4.27
"The Screwtape Letters: Also Includes ""Screwtape Proposes a Toast""",C.S. Lewis,"Since THE SCREWTAPE LETTERS was first published in 1943, half a million copies have been sold in the United States alone.This edition includes a substantial new preface from the author who tells the reader something of the writing of the book, and answers the question often raised as to whether he ""really believes in devils."" The answer involves discussion of devils and angels in literature, art and life. ""My symbol for hell is something like the bureaucracy of a police state or a thoroughly nasty business office."" The edition also includes a new Screwtape piece, ""Screwtape Proposes a Toast,"" and should find a new generation of readers for the wittiest piece of writing the 20th century has yet produced to stimulate the ordinary man to godliness.","{'Christian', 'Fantasy', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Theology', 'Fiction', 'Christianity'}","209 pages, Paperback",4.29
Shameless: A Case for Not Feeling Bad About Feeling Good,Nadia Bolz-Weber,"Annotation:""Nothing gives church folk anxiety quite like the subject of sex. And that's why in Shameless, Pastor Nadia sets out to reclaim the conversation for a new generation. In the spirit of Martin Luther, Bolz-Weber calls for a reformation of the way believers understand and express their sexuality. To make her case, Bolz-Weber draws on experiences from her own life as well as her parishoners', then puts them side by side with biblical narrative and theology to explore what the church has taught and about sex, and the harm that has often come as a result. Along the way, Bolz-Weber reexamines patriarchy, gender, and sexual orientation with candor but also with hope--because, as she writes, ""I believe that the Gospel can heal the pain that even the church has caused.""","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Sexuality'}","195 pages, Kindle Edition",4.22
What We Talk about When We Talk about God,Rob Bell,"Rob Bell's bestselling book Love Wins struck a powerful chord with a new generation of Christians who are asking the questions church leaders have been afraid to touch. His new book, What We Talk About When We Talk About God, will continue down this path, helping us with the ultimate big-picture issue: how do we know God? Love Wins was a Sunday Times bestseller that created a media storm, launching Bell as a national religious voice who is reinvigorating what it means to be religious and a Christian today. He is one of the most influential voices in the Christian world, and now his new book, What We Talk About When We Talk About God, is poised to blow open the doors on how we understand God. Bell believes we need to drop our primitive, tribal views of God and instead understand the God who wants us to become who we were designed to be, a God who created a universe of quarks and quantum string dynamics, but who also gives meaning to why new-born babies and stories of heroes and sacrifice inspire in us a deep reverence. What We Talk About When We Talk About God will reveal that God is not in need of repair to catch him up with today's world so much as we need to discover the God who goes before us and beckons us forward. A book full of mystery, controversy, and reverence, What We Talk About When We Talk About God has fans and critics alike anxiously awaiting, and promises not to disappoint.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","208 pages, Paperback",3.91
Forged: Writing in the Name of God—Why the Bible's Authors Are Not Who We Think They Are,Bart D. Ehrman,"Bart D. Ehrman, the New York Times bestselling author of Jesus, Interrupted  and God’s Problem reveals which books in the Bible’s New Testament were not passed down by Jesus’s disciples, but were instead forged by other hands—and why this centuries-hidden scandal is far more significant than many scholars are willing to admit. A controversial work of historical reporting in the tradition of Elaine Pagels, Marcus Borg, and John Dominic Crossan, Ehrman’s Forged delivers a stunning explication of one of the most substantial—yet least discussed—problems confronting the world of biblical scholarship. ","{'Atheism', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity'}","307 pages, Hardcover",4.01
Respectable Sins,Jerry Bridges,"Have Christians become so preoccupied with “major” sins that we have lost sight of our need to deal with more subtle sins? Navigator author Jerry Bridges addresses the “acceptable” sins that we tend to tolerate in ourselves, including pride and anger. He goes to the heart of the matter, exploring our feelings of shame and grief and opening a new door to God’s forgiveness and grace. Travel down the road of spiritual formation with Jerry and discover your true identity as a loved child of God. A discussion guide is available separately.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Non Fiction', 'Christian Living'}","192 pages, Hardcover",4.28
None Like Him: 10 Ways God Is Different from Us,Jen Wilkin,"Human beings were created to reflect the image of God--but only to a limited extent. Although we share important attributes with God (love, mercy, compassion, etc.), there are other qualities that only God possesses, such as unlimited power, knowledge, and authority. At the root of all sin is our rebellious desire to be like God in such ways--a desire that first manifested itself in the garden of Eden. In None Like Him, Jen Wilkin leads us on a journey to discover ten ways God is different from us--and why that's a good thing. In the process, she highlights the joy of seeing our limited selves in relation to a limitless God, and how such a realization frees us from striving to be more than we were created to be.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Non Fiction', 'Christian Living'}","163 pages, Paperback",4.51
The Name of the Rose,Umberto Eco,"The year is 1327. Benedictines in a wealthy Italian abbey are suspected of heresy, and Brother William of Baskerville arrives to investigate. When his delicate mission is suddenly overshadowed by seven bizarre deaths, Brother William turns detective. His tools are the logic of Aristotle, the theology of Aquinas, the empirical insights of Roger Bacon—all sharpened to a glistening edge by wry humor and a ferocious curiosity. He collects evidence, deciphers secret symbols and coded manuscripts, and digs into the eerie labyrinth of the abbey, where “the most interesting things happen at night.”","{'Mystery', 'Historical', 'Literature', 'Classics', 'Historical Fiction', 'Fiction', 'Italian Literature'}","536 pages, Paperback",4.14
Saint Thomas Aquinas,G.K. Chesterton,"G.K. Chesterton's brilliant sketch of the life and thought of Thomas Aquinas is as relevant today as when it was published in 1933. Then it earned the praise of such distinguished writers as Etienne Gilson, Jacques Martain, and Anton Pegis as the best book ever written on the great thirteenth-century Dominican. Today Chesterton's classic stands poised to reveal Thomas to a new generation.Chesterton's Aquinas is a man of mystery. Born into a noble Neapolitan family, Thomas chose the life of a mendicant friar. Lumbering and shy -- his classmates dubbed him ""the Dumb Ox"" -- he led a revolution in Christian thought. Possessed of the rarest brilliance, he found the highest truth in the humblest object. Having spent his life amid the vast intricacies of reason, he asked on his deathbed to have read aloud the Song of Songs, the most passionate book in the Bible.As Albert the Great, Thomas's teacher, predicted, the Dumb Ox has bellowed down the ages to our own day. Chesterton's book will enlighten those who would consign Thomas to the obscurity of medieval times. It will confound those who would use Thomas to bolster arid schemes of Christian rationalism. Rather, it will introduce the wondrous mystery of the man who, after a life of unparalleled genius, was seized by a vision of the Unknown and said, ""I can write no more. I have seen things which make all my writings like straw.""","{'Biography', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Catholic', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'History'}","167 pages, Paperback",4.11
Heaven and Hell: A History of the Afterlife,Bart D. Ehrman,"A New York Times bestselling historian of early Christianity takes on two of the most gripping questions of human existence: where did the ideas of heaven and hell come from, and why do they endure?What happens when we die? A recent Pew Research poll showed that 72% of Americans believe in a literal heaven, 58% in a literal hell. Most people who hold these beliefs are Christian and assume they are the age-old teachings of the Bible. But eternal rewards and punishments are found nowhere in the Old Testament and are not what Jesus or his disciples taught. So where did the ideas come from? In clear and compelling terms, Bart Ehrman recounts the long history of the afterlife, ranging from The Epic of Gilgamesh up to the writings of Augustine, focusing especially on the teachings of Jesus and his early followers. He discusses ancient guided tours of heaven and hell, in which a living person observes the sublime blessings of heaven for those who are saved and the horrifying torments of hell for the damned. Some of these accounts take the form of near death experiences, the oldest on record, with intriguing similarities to those reported today. One of Ehrman’s startling conclusions is that there never was a single Greek, Jewish, or Christian understanding of the afterlife, but numerous competing views. Moreover, these views did not come from nowhere; they were intimately connected with the social, cultural, and historical worlds out of which they emerged. Only later, in the early Christian centuries, did they develop into the notions of eternal bliss or damnation widely accepted today. As a historian, Ehrman obviously cannot provide a definitive answer to the question of what happens after death. In Heaven and Hell, he does the next best thing: by helping us reflect on where our ideas of the afterlife come from, he assures us that even if there may be something to hope for when we die, there is certainly nothing to fear.","{'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","327 pages, Hardcover",4.05
The World's Last Night: And Other Essays,C.S. Lewis,"Available from HarperOne, now the exclusive publisher of all of C. S. Lewis’s adult religious books, a repackaged edition of the revered author’s anthology of satirical yet serious essays on evil.In these spirited essays, C. S. Lewis—the great British writer, scholar, lay theologian, broadcaster, Christian apologist, and bestselling author of Mere Christianity, The Screwtape Letters, The Great Divorce, The Chronicles of Narnia, and many other beloved classics—discusses evil in the world. Blending irony, humor, and paradox, he tackles religion’s most difficult and intriguing questions regarding immorality, belief, and the meaning of prayer. Best of all, the infamous Screwtape makes a special cameo appearance in this funny and poignant collection.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Essays'}","128 pages, Paperback",4.21
"Jesus Freaks: Stories of Those Who Stood for Jesus, the Ultimate Jesus Freaks",D.C. Talk,"Jesus Freaks by dc Talk and The Voice of the Martyrs, is a companion volume to dc Talk's album of the same name. It is a book for teenagers about martyrdom, containing dozens of profiles of figures ranging from Stephen, whose martyrdom is described in the Book of Acts, to ""Anila and Perveen,"" two teenage Pakistani girls and Christian believers. In 1997, Perveen was killed for running away in order to avoid marrying a Muslim man; Anila was imprisoned for helping her friend escape. In an introduction to the book, Michael Tait explains its purpose: ""In a world built on free will instead of God's will, we must be the Freaks. While we may not be called to martyr our lives, we must martyr our way of life. We must put our selfish ways to death and march to a different beat. Then the world will see Jesus."" The book's design is hip and easy to read, and its summary of Christian persecutions that continue today is useful--and frightening.","{'Biography', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian Non Fiction'}","383 pages, Paperback",4.21
In His Steps,Charles M. Sheldon,"This is the inspirational novel that popularized the expression, What Would Jesus Do? Written by a Congregational minister, it tells of four prominent members of a small town who resolve to undertake no action without first considering Christ's example. Originally published in 1897, it continues to speak to modern readers.","{'Christian', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Fiction', 'Christian Fiction', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","96 pages, Paperback",4.17
Disappointment with God,Philip Yancey,"""Is God listening? and Can He be trusted?"" In this book, Yancey tackles the questions caused by a God who doesn't always do what we think he's supposed to do.Philip Yancey has a gift for articulating the knotty issues of faith. In Disappointment with God, he poses three questions that Christians wonder but seldom ask aloud: Is God unfair? Is he silent? Is he hidden? This insightful and deeply personal book points to the odd disparity between our concept of God and the realities of life. Why, if God is so hungry for relationship with us, does he seem so distant? Why, if he cares for us, do bad things happen? What can we expect from him after all? Yancey answers these questions with clarity, richness, and biblical assurance. He takes us beyond the things that make for disillusionment to a deeper faith, a certitude of God's love, and a thirst to reach not just for what God gives, but for who he is.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","304 pages, Paperback",4.17
The Heart of Christianity: Rediscovering a Life of Faith,Marcus J. Borg,"In The Heart of Christianity, world-renowned Jesus scholar and author of the bestseller Meeting Jesus Again for the First Time argues that the essential ingredients of a Christian life—faith, being born again, the kingdom of God, the gospel of love—are as vitally important today as they have always been, even during this time of conflict and change in the church.Borg wants to show us, as today's thinking Christians, how to discover a life of faith by reconceptualizing familiar beliefs. Being born again, for example, has nothing to do with fundamentalism, but is a call to radical personal transformation. Talking about the kingdom of God does not mean that you are fighting against secularism, but that you have committed your life to the divine values of justice and love. And living the true Christian way is essentially about opening one's heart—to God, and to others. Above all else, Borg believes with passion and conviction that living the Christian life still makes sense.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","234 pages, Paperback",4.10
Tattoos on the Heart: The Power of Boundless Compassion,Gregory Boyle,"Father Gregory Boyle’s sparkling parables about kinship and the sacredness of life are drawn from twenty years working with gangs in LA.How do you fight despair and learn to meet the world with a loving heart? How do you overcome shame? Stay faithful in spite of failure? No matter where people live or what their circumstances may be, everyone needs boundless, restorative love. Gorgeous and uplifting, Tattoos on the Heart amply demonstrates the impact unconditional love can have on your life.As a pastor working in a neighborhood with the highest concentration of murderous gang activity in Los Angeles, Gregory Boyle created an organization to provide jobs, job training, and encouragement so that young people could work together and learn the mutual respect that comes from collaboration. Tattoos on the Heart is a breathtaking series of parables distilled from his twenty years in the barrio. Arranged by theme and filled with sparkling humor and glowing generosity, these essays offer a stirring look at how full our lives could be if we could find the joy in loving others and in being loved unconditionally. From giant, tattooed Cesar, shopping at JCPenney fresh out of prison, we learn how to feel worthy of God’s love. From ten-year-old Lula we learn the importance of being known and acknowledged. From Pedro we understand the kind of patience necessary to rescue someone from the darkness. In each chapter we benefit from Boyle’s wonderful, hard-earned wisdom. Inspired by faith but applicable to anyone trying to be good, these personal, unflinching stories are full of surprising revelations and observations of the community in which Boyle works and of the many lives he has helped save.Erudite, down-to-earth, and utterly heartening, these essays about universal kinship and redemption are moving examples of the power of unconditional love in difficult times and the importance of fighting despair. With Gregory Boyle’s guidance, we can recognize our own wounds in the broken lives and daunting struggles of the men and women in these parables and learn to find joy in all of the people around us. Tattoos on the Heart reminds us that no life is less valuable than another.","{'Biography', 'Spirituality', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Memoir'}","240 pages, Hardcover",4.48
After You Believe: Why Christian Character Matters,N.T. Wright,"From the author of the acclaimed Simply Christian and Surprised by Hope comes a book that addresses the question that has plagued humans for centuries—what is our purpose? As Christians, what are we to do with that ambiguous time between baptism and the funeral? It's easy to become preoccupied with who gets into heaven; the real challenge is how we are going to live in the here and now.Wright dispels the common misconception that Christian living is nothing more than a checklist of dos and don'ts. Nor is it a prescription to ""follow your heart"" wherever it may lead. Instead, After You Believe reveals the Bible's call for a revolution—a transformation of character that takes us beyond our earthly pursuit of money, sex, and power into a virtuous state of living that allows us to reflect God and live more worshipful, fulfilling lives.We are all spiritual seekers, intuitively knowing there is more to life than we suspect. This is a book for anyone who is hoping there is something more while we're here on Earth. There is. We are being called to join the revolution, and Wright insightfully encourages readers to find new purpose and clarity by taking us on an eye-opening journey through key biblical passages that promise to radically alter the work of the church and the direction of our lives.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","307 pages, Hardcover",4.18
Saint Augustine: On Christian Doctrine,Augustine of Hippo,Library of Liberal Arts title.,"{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","191 pages, Paperback",4.04
Everything Happens for a Reason: And Other Lies I've Loved,Kate Bowler,"A divinity professor and young mother with a Stage IV cancer diagnosis explores the pain and joy of living without certainty.Thirty-five-year-old Kate Bowler was a professor at the school of divinity at Duke, and had finally had a baby with her childhood sweetheart after years of trying, when she began to feel jabbing pains in her stomach. She lost thirty pounds, chugged antacid, and visited doctors for three months before she was finally diagnosed with Stage IV colon cancer.As she navigates the aftermath of her diagnosis, Kate pulls the reader deeply into her life, which is populated with a colorful, often hilarious collection of friends, pastors, parents, and doctors, and shares her laser-sharp reflections on faith, friendship, love, and death. She wonders why suffering makes her feel like a loser and explores the burden of positivity. Trying to relish the time she still has with her son and husband, she realizes she must change her habit of skipping to the end and planning the next move. A historian of the ""American prosperity gospel""--the creed of the mega-churches that promises believers a cure for tragedy, if they just want it badly enough--Bowler finds that, in the wake of her diagnosis, she craves these same ""outrageous certainties."" She wants to know why it's so hard to surrender control over that which you have no control. She contends with the terrifying fact that, even for her husband and child, she is not the lynchpin of existence, and that even without her, life will go on.On the page, Kate Bowler is warm, witty, and ruthless, and, like Paul Kalanithi, one of the talented, courageous few who can articulate the grief she feels as she contemplates her own mortality.","{'Biography', 'Christian', 'Audiobook', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Memoir'}","178 pages, Hardcover",3.80
Multiply: Disciples Making Disciples,Francis Chan,"Jesus gave his followers a “Follow me.” And a “And I will equip you to find others to follow me.” We were made to make disciples. Designed for use in discipleship relationships and other focused settings, Multiply will equip you to carry out Jesus’s ministry. Each of the twenty-four sessions in the book corresponds with an online video at www.multiplymovement.com, where New York Times bestselling author David Platt joins Francis in guiding you through each part of Multiply.   One plus one plus one. Every copy of Multiply is designed to do what Jesus make disciples who make disciples who make disciples…. Until the world knows the truth of Jesus Christ.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Discipleship', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","333 pages, Paperback",4.04
Think: The Life of the Mind and the Love of God,John      Piper,"John Piper’s newest book will help Christians think about thinking. Focusing on the life of the mind helps us to know God better, love him more, and care for the world. Along with an emphasis on emotions and the experience of God, we also need to practice careful thinking about God. Piper contends that “thinking is indispensable on the path to passion for God.” So how are we to maintain a healthy balance of mind and heart, thinking and feeling? Piper urges us to think for the glory of God. He demonstrates from Scripture that glorifying God with our minds and hearts is not either-or, but both-and. Thinking carefully about God fuels passion and affections for God. Likewise, Christ-exalting emotion leads to disciplined thinking. Readers will be reminded that “the mind serves to know the truth that fuels the fires of the heart.”","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","224 pages, Hardcover",4.00
Here I Stand: A Life of Martin Luther,Roland H. Bainton,"Martin Luther shattered the structure of the medieval church, speaking out against corrupt religious practices and igniting the great Reformation. This stunning biography looks at the German religious reformer and his influence on Western civilization.","{'Biography', 'Christian', 'Church History', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'History'}","336 pages, Paperback",3.84
The Heavenly Man: The Remarkable True Story of Chinese Christian Brother Yun,Paul Hattaway,"The dramatic autobiography of one of China's dedicated, courageous, and intensely persecuted house church leaders. This is the gripping story of how God took a young, half-starved boy from a poor village in Henan province and placed him on the front line for Jesus, in the face of impossible odds. Instead of focusing on the many miracles or experiences of suffering, however, Yun prefers to focus on the character and beauty of Jesus. Interspersed with his personal account are contributions from his wife, Deling, made mostly during her husband's frequent periods of imprisonment. You will remember where you were the first time you read this life story. It's a watershed book that will turn the reader to prayer and praise. It deserves comparison with past classics such as Tortured for Christ by Richard Wurmbrand, or the Life of Watchman Nee.","{'Biography', 'Christian', 'China', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Memoir'}","351 pages, Paperback",4.27
God's Problem: How the Bible Fails to Answer Our Most Important Question - Why We Suffer,Bart D. Ehrman,"In times of questioning and despair, people often quote the Bible to provide answers. Surprisingly, though, the Bible does not have one answer but many ""answers"" that often contradict one another. Consider these competing explanations for suffering put forth by various biblical writers:The prophets: suffering is a punishment for sinThe book of Job, which offers two different answers: suffering is a test, and you will be rewarded later for passing it; and suffering is beyond comprehension, since we are just human beings and God, after all, is GodEcclesiastes: suffering is the nature of things, so just accept itAll apocalyptic texts in both the Hebrew Bible and the New Testament: God will eventually make right all that is wrong with the worldFor renowned Bible scholar Bart Ehrman, the question of why there is so much suffering in the world is more than a haunting thought. Ehrman's inability to reconcile the claims of faith with the facts of real life led the former pastor of the Princeton Baptist Church to reject Christianity.In God's Problem, Ehrman discusses his personal anguish upon discovering the Bible's contradictory explanations for suffering and invites all people of faith—or no faith—to confront their deepest questions about how God engages the world and each of us.","{'Atheism', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity'}","304 pages, Hardcover",3.94
"Adam, Eve, and the Serpent: Sex and Politics in Early Christianity",Elaine Pagels,"Deepens & refreshes our view of early Christianity while casting a disturbing light on the evolution of the attitudes passed down to us.AcknowledgmentsThe Book of Genesis, Chapters 1-3Introduction ""The Kingdom of God is at hand"" Christians against the Roman orderGnostic improvisations on Genesis The ""Paradise of Virginity"" regained The politics of paradise The nature of nature EpilogueNotesIndex","{'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","189 pages, Paperback",4.03
Humility: True Greatness,C.J. Mahaney,"Be Transformed by Christ’s Example “God opposes the proud but gives grace to the humble.” —1 Peter 5:5 A battle rages within every one of us every day. It’s the clash between our sense of stubborn self-sufficiency and God’s call to recognize that we’re really nothing without Him. It’s pride versus humility. And it’s a fight we can’t win without looking repeatedly to Christ and the cross. C. J. Mahaney raises a battle cry to daily, diligently, and deliberately weaken our greatest enemy (pride) and cultivate our greatest friend (humility). His examination clarifies misconceptions, revealing the truth about why God detests pride and turns His active attention to the humble. Because pride is never passive, defeating it demands an intentional attack. The blessing that follows is God’s abundant favor. “This is the one to whom I will look: he who is humble and contrite in spirit.” —Isaiah 66:2, ESV God clearly states that He is drawn to the humble. He’s also clear that He opposes the proud. These two, humility and pride, cannot coexist. Where one is fostered, the other is defeated. Which will you pursue?","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","176 pages, Hardcover",4.15
The Master Plan of Evangelism,Robert E. Coleman,"It all started when Jesus called a few men to follow him and share God's message with their neighbors. We are called to do the same. But evangelism can be difficult--even intimidating. With all the evangelism resources available, where should you turn to find advice on how to share the Good News with others? Robert E. Coleman says the answers aren't found in TV evangelism, easy-evangelism guidebooks, or the latest marketing techniques. Rather, he looks to the Bible, to the ultimate example found in Jesus Christ. For more than forty years this classic, biblical look at evangelism has challenged and instructed over three million readers. Now repackaged for a new generation, The Master Plan of Evangelism is as fresh and relevant as ever. Join the movement and discover how you can minister to the people God brings into your life.","{'Evangelism', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Discipleship', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","144 pages, Paperback",4.09
Get Out of Your Head: Stopping the Spiral of Toxic Thoughts,Jennie Allen,"You can choose hope in the midst of chaos. The visionary behind the million-strong IF:Gathering challenges you to exercise your God-given power to shift negative thinking patterns and take back control of your thoughts and emotions.Are your thoughts holding you captive? I’ll never be good enough. Other people have better lives than I do. God couldn’t really love me. Jennie Allen knows what it’s like to swirl in a spiral of destructive thoughts, but she also knows we don’t have to stay stuck in toxic thinking patterns. As she discovered in her own life, God built a way for us to escape that downward spiral. Freedom comes when we refuse to be victims to our thoughts and realize we have already been equipped with power from God to fight and win the war for our minds. In Get Out of Your Head, Jennie inspires and equips us to transform our emotions, our outlook, and even our circumstances by taking control of our thoughts. Our enemy is determined to get in our heads to make us feel helpless, overwhelmed, and incapable of making a difference for the kingdom of God. But when we submit our minds to Christ, the promises and goodness of God flood our lives in remarkable ways. It starts in your head. And from there, the possibilities are endless.","{'Self Help', 'Mental Health', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Psychology', 'Christian Living'}","256 pages, Hardcover",4.09
The Hole in Our Holiness: Filling the Gap between Gospel Passion and the Pursuit of Godliness,Kevin DeYoung,"The “hole in our holiness” is that evangelicals don’t look particularly holy, and, despite the flood of gospel-centered discussions, there seems to be a greater focus on personal depravity than on the pursuit of holiness. Looking to right the balances, Kevin DeYoung presents a popular-level treatment of sanctification and union with Christ, helping readers to see what matters most—being like Jesus. He shows how one can be like Christ in being joined to Christ. The market is ready for DeYoung’s timely book, ready to avoid legalism and ambivalence, and they are ready for someone to articulate the inextricable relationship between grace and holiness.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","159 pages, Hardcover",4.21
A Voice in the Wind,Francine Rivers,"“The city was silently bloating in the hot sun, rotting like the thousands of bodies that lay where they had fallen in street battles.” With this opening sentence, A Voice in the Wind transports readers back to Jerusalem during the first Jewish-Roman War, some seventy years after the death of Christ. Following the prides and passions of a group of Jews, Romans and Barbarians living at the time of the siege, the narrative is centered on an ill-fated romance between a steadfast slave girl, Hadassah, and Marcus, the brother of her owner and a handsome aristocrat. After surviving the massacre of her family and the destruction of Jerusalem by the Romans, Hadassah is captured and sold to a well-to-do merchant’s family. Brought to Rome, she is pressed into service as a personal slave to hedonistic Julia Valerian. Hadassah struggles to walk in the footsteps of Jesus and to treat her masters in a manner in keeping with His teachings, but she is forced to keep her religious identity a secret in order to survive. Confused and alone, she has only her faith to cling to as she tries to subtly bring God into the lives of her captors. Reckless, impulsive, and villainous, Julia tries to undermine Hadassah at every turn. But Julia’s brother, Marcus, is a different sort altogether. Is it possible for a love between Hadassah and Marcus to flourish considering not only their differing stations in life, but also the gap between Hadassah’s unrelenting faith and Marcus’ lack of belief in anything? Simultaneously, Atretes, a captured soldier from Germania, is forced to become a gladiator. This is the time of Rome’s decline and the decadence of a civilization on the verge of self-destruction serves as a powerful backdrop to the Barbarian’s struggle for survival in the arena.","{'Christian', 'Historical', 'Historical Fiction', 'Fiction', 'Christian Fiction', 'Historical Romance', 'Romance'}","520 pages, Paperback",4.56
Christian Theology: An Introduction,Alister E. McGrath,"Alister McGrath’s internationally-acclaimed Christian Theology: An Introduction is one of the most widely used textbooks in Christian theology. Fully revised and featuring lots of new material, this fourth edition provides an unparalleled introduction to 2,000 years of Christian thought.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Reference', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity'}","568 pages, Paperback",4.06
The Book of Common Prayer,Episcopal Church,"OVERVIEWThe most recent Episcopal Book of Common Prayer from 1979 contains two rites for the most common services, the first from traditional language from previous versions, and the second using only contemporary language (some of it newly composed, and some adapted from the older language).This Kindle version of the Book of Common Prayer contains a fully interactive table of contents, index, as well as references and links to the actual pages numbers in the paper version of the Book.CONTENTS:The Book of Common PrayerAdministration of the SacramentsOther RitesCeremonies of the ChurchThe Psalter or Psalms of David","{'Christian', 'Prayer', 'Reference', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","880 pages, Kindle Edition",4.44
It's Not Supposed to Be This Way: Finding Unexpected Strength When Disappointments Leave You Shattered,Lysa TerKeurst,"What do you do when God’s timing seems questionable, His lack of intervention hurtful, and His promises doubtful?Life often looks so very different than we hoped or expected. Some events may simply catch us off guard for a moment, but others shatter us completely. We feel disappointed and disillusioned, and we quietly start to wonder about the reality of God’s goodness.Lysa TerKeurst understands this deeply. But she's also discovered that our disappointments can be the divine appointments our souls need to radically encounter God. In It's Not Supposed to Be This Way, Lysa invites us into her own journey of faith and, with grit, vulnerability, and honest humor, helps us to see our lives in the context of God's bigger story. Whether we're dealing with daily disappointments or life-altering loss, we can find unexpected strength as we learn what it means to wrestle well between our faith and our feelings.","{'Self Help', 'Christian', 'Audiobook', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","264 pages, Hardcover",4.30
Hidden Christmas: The Surprising Truth Behind the Birth of Christ,Timothy J. Keller,"From pastor and New York Times bestselling author Timothy Keller comes the perfect gift for the Christmas holiday—a profoundly moving and intellectually provocative examination of the nativity storyEven people who are not practicing Christians think they are familiar with the story of the nativity. Every Christmas displays of Baby Jesus resting in a manger decorate lawns and churchyards, and songs about shepherds and angels fill the air. Yet despite the abundance of these Christian references in popular culture, how many of us have examined the hard edges of this biblical story?In his new book Timothy Keller takes readers on an illuminating journey into the surprising background of the nativity. By understanding the message of hope and salvation within the Bible’s account of Jesus’ birth, readers will experience the redeeming power of God’s grace in a deeper and more meaningful way.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christmas', 'Christianity'}","160 pages, Hardcover",4.40
"Same Kind of Different as Me: A Modern-Day Slave, an International Art Dealer, and the Unlikely Woman Who Bound Them Together",Ron Hall,"A dangerous, homeless drifter who grew up picking cotton in virtual slavery.An upscale art dealer accustomed to the world of Armani and Chanel.A gutsy woman with a stubborn dream.A story so incredible no novelist would dare dream it.It begins outside a burning plantation hut in Louisiana . . . and an East Texas honky-tonk . . . and, without a doubt, inside the heart of God. It unfolds at a Hollywood hacienda . . . an upscale New York gallery . . . a downtown dumpster . . . a Texas ranch.Gritty with betrayal, pain, and brutality, it also shines with an unexpected, life-changing love.Bonus material in this special movie edition includes: ","{'Biography', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Inspirational', 'Book Club', 'Faith', 'Memoir'}","237 pages, Hardcover",4.19
Jesus Wants to Save Christians: A Manifesto for the Church in Exile,Rob Bell,"There is a church not too far from us that recently added a $25 million addition to their building. Our local newspaper ran a front-page story not too long ago about a study revealing that one in five people in our city lives in poverty. This is a book about those two numbers.Jesus Wants to save Christians is a book about faith and fear, wealth and war, poverty, power, safety, terror, Bibles, bombs, and homeland insecurity.It's about empty empires and the truth that everybody's a priest. It's about oppression, occupation, and what happens when Christians support, animate and participate in the very things Jesus came to set people free from.It's about what it means to be a part of the church of Jesus in a world where some people fly planes into buildings while others pick up groceries in Hummers.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","224 pages, Hardcover",3.79
Why Christianity Must Change or Die: A Bishop Speaks to Believers In Exile,John Shelby Spong,"An important and respected voice for liberal American Christianity for the past twenty years, Bishop John Shelby Spong integrates his often controversial stands on the Bible, Jesus, theism, and morality into an intelligible creed that speaks to today's thinking Christian. In this compelling and heartfelt book, he sounds a rousing call for a Christianity based on critical thought rather than blind faith, on love rather than judgment, and that focuses on life more than religion.","{'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","257 pages, Paperback",3.92
The Bible Jesus Read,Philip Yancey,"An 8-Session Exploration of the Old Testament hosted by author Philip Yancey--with video sessions based on his award-winning book. In The Bible Jesus Read, Yancey combined scholarship and insight to bring new light to old material and stimulate new thought and further study. This eight-session ZondervanGroupware uses video and group discussion to explore the sometimes shocking and cryptic writings of the Old Testament to help readers know God better. Yancey serves as guide and interpretive leader of each session and, in a series of in-depth interviews and explanations, he covers five crucial segments of the Old Testament: * Job: Seeing in the Dark* Deuteronomy: A Taste of Bittersweet* Psalms: Spirituality in Every Key* Ecclesiastes: The End of Wisdom* The Prophets: God Talks Back"". Yancey approaches each of these major segments from a different point of view and adds additional interpretive material, extending the reach of his best-selling book. He teams with the Emmy Award-winning production team responsible for video production of the What's So Amazing About Grace? The complete kit includes: * 96-minute video in 8 12-minute sessions* Leader's Guide* Participant's Guide* Hardcover copy of The Bible Jesus Read.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","221 pages, Paperback",3.99
7: An Experimental Mutiny Against Excess,Jen Hatmaker,"American life can be excessive, to say the least. That’s what Jen Hatmaker had to admit after taking in hurricane victims who commented on the extravagance of her family’s upper middle class home. She once considered herself unmotivated by the lure of prosperity, but upon being called “rich” by an undeniably poor child, evidence to the contrary mounted, and a social experiment turned spiritual was born.7 is the true story of how Jen (along with her husband and her children to varying degrees) took seven months, identified seven areas of excess, and made seven simple choices to fight back against the modern-day diseases of greed, materialism, and overindulgence.Food. Clothes. Spending. Media. Possessions. Waste. Stress. They would spend thirty days on each topic, boiling it down to the number seven. Only eat seven foods, wear seven articles of clothing, and spend money in seven places. Eliminate use of seven media types, give away seven things each day for one month, adopt seven green habits, and observe “seven sacred pauses.” So, what’s the payoff from living a deeply reduced life? It’s the discovery of a greatly increased God—a call toward Christ-like simplicity and generosity that transcends social experiment to become a radically better existence.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Memoir'}","240 pages, Paperback",4.07
Ecclesiastical History of the English People,Bede,"Written in AD 731, Bede's Ecclesiastical History of the English People is the first account of Anglo-Saxon England ever written, and remains our single most valuable source for this period. It begins with Julius Caesar's invasion in the first century BC and goes on to tell of the kings and bishops, monks and nuns who helped to develop government and convert the people to Christianity during these crucial formative years. Relating the deeds of great men and women but also describing landscape, customs and ordinary lives, this is a rich, vivid portrait of an emerging church and nation by the 'Father of English History'.Leo Sherley-Price's translation from the Latin brings us an accurate and readable version of Bede's History. This edition includes Bede's Letter to Egbert, denouncing false monasteries; and The Death of Bede, an admirable eye-witness account by Cuthbert, monk and later Abbot of Jarrow, both translated by D. H. Farmer.For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators.","{'Church History', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'History', 'Christianity', 'Medieval'}","400 pages, Paperback",3.83
You and Me Forever: Marriage in Light of Eternity,Francis Chan,"Marriage is great, but it's not forever. It's until death do us part. Then come eternal rewards or regrets depending on how we spent our lives. In his latest book, Francis Chan joins together with his wife Lisa to address the question many couples wonder at the altar: How do I have a healthy marriage? Setting aside typical topics on marriage, Francis and Lisa dive into Scripture to understand what it means to have a relationship that satisfies the deepest parts of our souls. In the same way Crazy Love changed the way we saw our personal relationship with God, You and Me Forever: Marriage in Light of Eternity will radically shift the way we see one of the most important relationships in our life. Jesus was right. We have it all backwards. The way to have a great marriage is by not focusing on marriage. Whether you are single, dating or married, You and Me Forever will help you discover the adventure that you were made for and learn how to thrive in it. 100% of the net profits from You and Me Forever: Marriage in Light of Eternity will go towards providing food, shelter and rehabilitation for thousands of orphaned children and exploited women in partnership with global charities.","{'Christian', 'Relationships', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Marriage'}","192 pages, Paperback",4.19
Atheist Delusions: The Christian Revolution and Its Fashionable Enemies,David Bentley Hart,"In this provocative book one of the most brilliant scholars of religion today dismantles distorted religious “histories” offered up by Christopher Hitchens, Richard Dawkins, and other contemporary critics of religion and advocates of atheism. David Bentley Hart provides a bold correction of the New Atheists’ misrepresentations of the Christian past, countering their polemics with a brilliant account of Christianity and its message of human charity as the most revolutionary movement in all of Western history.Hart outlines how Christianity transformed the ancient world in ways we may have forgotten: bringing liberation from fatalism, conferring great dignity on human beings, subverting the cruelest aspects of pagan society, and elevating charity above all virtues. He then argues that what we term the “Age of Reason” was in fact the beginning of the eclipse of reason’s authority as a cultural value. Hart closes the book in the present, delineating the ominous consequences of the decline of Christendom in a culture that is built upon its moral and spiritual values.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity'}","253 pages, Hardcover",4.17
Instruments in the Redeemer's Hands: People in Need of Change Helping People in Need of Change,Paul David Tripp,"Paul David Tripp’s masterpiece on ministry will transform how you view yourself and engage with others. God radically changes people, and he offers us the opportunity―and the ability, by his power―to be involved in that change. We can live not just as grateful objects of his love but as effective instruments of his love in the lives of the people around us. Have you been satisfied by too little? Content with small changes in your life and the lives of others? Unsure of how to help others and uncomfortable when you encounter their needs? You don’t need to start with a strategy or technique, Tripp argues―you need a renewed imagination! Only then can you grasp what is real but unseen and live accordingly. The kingdom of God is near, and it takes us far beyond our personal situations and relationships, making ordinary people a part of God’s extraordinary plan for the world. This guidebook shows us how.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Counselling'}","376 pages, Paperback",4.35
Too Busy Not to Pray: Slowing Down to Be With God,Bill Hybels,"No longer available from publisher. Most of us have trouble finding time to pray. There's church and school and neighborhood and job and friends and recreation. And then the crises hit! Time for prayer seems an impossible luxury. As a pastor, Bill Hybels knows hundreds of people with schedules like this. Yet in his own life he has made the hard discovery that prayer doesn't happen on the run. He decided he was too busy not to pray. Hybels's accessible introduction to prayer has already helped over 400,000 readers develop a rich and regular prayer life in the midst of life's busyness. Now, in this revised and expanded 10th anniversary edition, he includes new insights from his years of ministry and his own spiritual journey. He shows how to slow down to pray, listen to God, respond to what we hear, practice the presence of God and overcome prayer barriers. His fun and practical book offers the resources we need for growing, ongoing experiences in prayer.","{'Christian', 'Prayer', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","192 pages, Paperback",4.17
Reading the Bible Again for the First Time: Taking the Bible Seriously but Not Literally,Marcus J. Borg,"Many Christians mistakenly believe that their only choice is either to reconcile themselves to a fundamentalist reading of scripture (a ""literal-factual"" approach) or to simply reject the Bible as something that could bring meaning and value into their lives. In Reading the Bible Again for the First Time , Marcus Borg shows how instead we can freshly appreciate all the essential elements of the Old and New Testaments—from Genesis to Revelation—in a way that can open up a new world of intelligent faith. In Reading the Bible Again for the First Time , Borg reveals how it is possible to reconcile a scientific and critical way of thinking with our deepest spiritual needs, leading to an insightful experience of ancient text. This unique book invites every reader—whatever his or her religious background—to engage the Bible, to wrestle with its meaning, to explore its mysteries, and to understand its relevance. Reading the Bible Again for the First Time shows us how to encounter the Bible in a fresh, new way that rejects the limits of simple literalism and opens up the rich possibility of living a life of authentic faith.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","321 pages, Paperback",4.15
Is God a Moral Monster?: Making Sense of the Old Testament God,Paul Copan,"A recent string of popular-level books written by the New Atheists have leveled the accusation that the God of the Old Testament is nothing but a bully, a murderer, and a cosmic child abuser. This viewpoint is even making inroads into the church. How are Christians to respond to such accusations? And how are we to reconcile the seemingly disconnected natures of God portrayed in the two testaments?In this timely and readable book, apologist Paul Copan takes on some of the most vexing accusations of our time, God is arrogant and jealousGod punishes people too harshlyGod is guilty of ethnic cleansingGod oppresses womenGod endorses slaveryChristianity causes violenceand moreCopan not only answers God's critics, he also shows how to read both the Old and New Testaments faithfully, seeing an unchanging, righteous, and loving God in both.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","256 pages, Paperback",4.03
The Story of Christianity: Volume 2: The Reformation to the Present Day,Justo L. González,"“This crisp retelling of Christian history from the days of the apostles to the eve of the Reformation is filled with insight.” —Mark A. Noll, Wheaton College From Justo L. Gonzalez, author of the acclaimed three-volume History of Christian Thought , comes the fully revised and updated second volume of The Story of Christianity . Gonzalez’s astute scholarship, lucid prose, and impassioned focus tell the narrative history of Christianity, beginning with the Protestant Reformation of the sixteenth century and leading all the way up to present day.","{'Christian', 'Church History', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity'}","414 pages, Paperback",4.13
The Jesuit Guide to (Almost) Everything: A Spirituality for Real Life,James     Martin,"
NEW YORK TIMES 
BESTSELLER. WINNER OF THE CHRISTOPHER AWARD.The Jesuit Guide to (Almost) Everything by the Revered James Martin, SJ (bestselling author of Jesus: A Pilgrimage) is a practical spiritual guidebook that shows you how to manage relationships, money, work, prayer, and decision-making, all while keeping a sense of humor.Inspired by the life and teachings of St. Ignatius of Loyola, the founder of the Society of Jesus, this book will help you realize the Ignatian goal of “finding God in all things.” Filled with relatable  examples, humorous stories, and anecdotes from the heroic and inspiring lives of Jesuit saints and average priests and brothers, The Jesuit Guide to Almost Everything will enrich your everyday life with spiritual guidance and history. ","{'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Catholic', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","420 pages, Hardcover",4.23
The Unlikely Disciple: A Sinner's Semester at America's Holiest University,Kevin Roose,"As a sophomore at Brown University, Kevin Roose didn't have much contact with the Religious Right. Raised in a secular home by staunchly liberal parents, he fit right in with Brown's sweatshop-protesting, fair-trade coffee-drinking, God-ambivalent student body. So when he had a chance encounter with a group of students from Liberty University, a conservative Baptist university in Lynchburg, Virginia, he found himself staring across a massive culture gap. But rather than brush the Liberty students off, Roose decided to do something much bolder: he became one of them.Liberty University is the late Rev. Jerry Falwell's proudest accomplishment - a 10,000-student conservative Christian training ground. At Liberty, students (who call themselves ""Champions for Christ"") take classes like Introduction to Youth Ministry and Evangelism 101. They hear from guest speakers like Mike Huckabee and Karl Rove, they pray before every class, and they follow a 46-page code of conduct called ""The Liberty Way"" that prohibits drinking, smoking, R-rated movies, contact with the opposite sex, and witchcraft. Armed with an open mind and a reporter's notebook, Roose dives into life at Bible Boot Camp with the goal of connecting with his evangelical peers by experiencing their world first-hand.Roose's semester at Liberty takes him to church, class, and choir practice at Rev. Falwell's Thomas Road Baptist Church. He visits a support group for recovering masturbation addicts, goes to an evangelical hip-hop concert, and participates in a spring break mission trip to Daytona Beach, where he learns how to convert bar-hopping co-eds to Christianity. Roose struggles with his own faith throughout, and in a twist that could only have been engineered by a higher power, he conducts what would turn out to be the last in-depth interview of Rev. Falwell's life. Hilarious and heartwarming, respectful and thought-provoking, Roose's embedded report from the front lines of the culture war will inspire and entertain believers and non-believers alike.","{'Biography', 'Spirituality', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Christianity', 'Memoir'}","324 pages, Hardcover",3.98
Prayer: Finding the Heart's True Home,Richard J. Foster,"Best-selling author Richard J. Foster offers a warm, compelling, and sensitive primer on prayer, helping us to understand, experience, and practice it in its many forms-from the simple prayer of beginning again to unceasing prayer. He clarifies the prayer process, answers common misconceptions, and shows the way into prayers of contemplation, healing, blessing, forgiveness, and rest.Coming to prayer is like coming home, Foster says. ""Nothing feels more right, more like what we are created to be and to do. Yet at the same time we are confronted with great mysteries. Who hasn't struggled with the puzzle of unanswered prayer? Who hasn't wondered how a finite person can commune with the infinite Creator of the universe? Who hasn't questioned whether prayer isn't merely psychological manipulation after all? We do our best, of course, to answer these knotty questions but when all is said and done, there is a sense in which these mysteries remain unanswered and unanswerable . . . At such times we must learn to become comfortable with the mystery.""Foster shows how prayer can move us inward into personal transformation, upward toward intimacy with God, and outward to minister to others. He leads us beyond questions to a deeper understanding and practice of prayer, bringing us closer to God, to ourselves, and to our community.","{'Christian', 'Prayer', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","275 pages, Hardcover",4.12
The Inner Voice of Love: A Journey Through Anguish to Freedom,Henri J.M. Nouwen,"This is Henri Nouwen's ""secret journal."" It was  written during the most difficult period of his life, when he suddenly lost his self-esteem,  his energy to live and work, his sense of being loved, even his hope in God. Although he experienced excruciating anguish and despair, he was still able to keep a journal in which he wrote a spiritual imperative to himself each day that emerged from his conversations with friends and supporters.For more than eight years, Henri Nouwen felt that what he wrote was too raw and private to share with others. Instead, he published The Return of the Prodigal Son, in which he expressed some of the insights gained during his mental and spiritual crisis. But then friends asked him, ""Why keep your anguish hidden from the many people who have been nurtured by your writing? Wouldn't it be of consolation for many to know about the fierce inner battle that lies underneath so many of your spiritual insights?""For the countless men and women who have to live through the pain of broken relationships, or who suffer from the loss of a loved one, this book about the inner voice of love offers new courage, new hope, even new life.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","118 pages, Paperback",4.33
Soul Survivor: How Thirteen Unlikely Mentors Helped My Faith Survive the Church,Philip Yancey,"Philip Yancey, whose explorations of faith have made him a guide for millions of readers, feels no need to defend the church. ""When someone tells me yet another horror story about the church, I respond, 'Oh, it's even worse than that. Let me tell you my story.'I have spent most of my life in recovery from the church.""Yancey acknowledges that many spiritual seekers find few answers and little solace in the institutional church. ""I have met many people, and heard from many more, who have gone through a similar process of mining truth from their religious Roman Catholics who flinch whenever they see a nun or priest, former Seventh Day Adventists who cannot drink a cup of coffee without a stab of guilt, Mennonites who worry whether wedding rings give evidence of worldliness.""How did Yancey manage to survive spiritually despite early encounters with a racist, legalistic church that he now views as almost cultic? In this, his most soul-searching book yet, he probes that very question. He tells the story of his own struggle to reclaim belief, interwoven with inspiring portraits of notable people from all walks of life, whom he calls his spiritual directors. Soul Survivor is his tribute to thirteen remarkable individuals, mentors who transformed his life and work.Besides recalling their effect on him, Yancey also provides fresh glimpses of the lives and faith journeys of each one. From the scatterbrained journalist G. K. Chesterton to the tortured novelists Tolstoy and Dostoevsky, to contemporaries such as Martin Luther King, Jr., Annie Dillard, and Robert Coles, Yancey gives inspiring portraits of those who modeled for him a life-enhancing rather than a life-constricting faith.""I became a writer, I now believe, to sort out and reclaim words used and misused by the Christians of my youth,"" Yancey says. ""These are the people who ushered me into the Kingdom. In many ways they are why I remain a Christian today, and I want to introduce them to other spiritual seekers.""Soul Survivor offers illuminating insights that will enrich the lives of veteran believers and cautious seekers alike. Yancey's own story, unveiled here as never before, is a beacon for those who seek to rejuvenate their faith, and for those who are still longing for something to have faith in.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","330 pages, Paperback",4.24
Did Jesus Exist?: The Historical Argument for Jesus of Nazareth,Bart D. Ehrman,"For years Bart Ehrman has been routinely bombarded with one question: Did Jesus Exist? As a leading Bible expert, fans and critics alike have sent letters, emails, posted blogs, and questioned Ehrman during interviews wanting his opinion about this nagging question that has become a conspiracy theorist cottage industry the world over. The idea that the character of Jesus was an invention of the early churchs time to put the issue to rest. Yes, the historical Jesus of Nazareth did exist. Known as a master explainer with deep knowledge of the field, Ehrman methodically demolishes both the scholarly and popular arguments against the existence of Jesus. Marshaling evidence from within the Bible and the wider historical record of the ancient world, Ehrman tackles the key issues that surround the popular mythologies associated with Jesus and the early Christian movement. Throughout Did Jesus Exist? Ehrman establishes the criterion for any genuine historical investigation and provides a robust defense of the methods required to discover the Jesus of history.","{'Audiobook', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","304 pages, ebook",3.85
"Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version",Charles Haddon Spurgeon,"For over one hundred years, Christians have gotten up and gone to bed with Charles Spurgeon's devotional Morning and Evening as a companion. With a reading to begin and end each day throughout the year, you will come to appreciate Spurgeon's emphasis on the importance of abiding in Christ and meditating on God's Word. His wisdom and counsel provide a timeless guide through the trials and triumphs of the year. The richness of his biblical understanding offers readers a look into the heart of one of England's foremost pastors and enduring Christian authors.His lasting message is even more accessible with Alistair Begg's careful modernizing of Spurgeon's English. Begg, who has a deep love for Spurgeon's preaching and especially for this work, has maintained Spurgeon's clear passion and commitment to Christ. Using the English Standard Version as the scriptural text provides an accurate, understandable accompaniment to Spurgeon's lessons.This updated version of a devotional classic is a timely and much-needed encouragement for today's Christian.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","400 pages, Hardcover",4.48
"When People Are Big and God is Small: Overcoming Peer Pressure, Codependency, and the Fear of Man",Edward T. Welch,"However you put it, the fear of man can be summarized this way: We replace God with people. Instead of a biblically guided fear of the Lord, we fear others. Of course, the “fear of man” goes by other names. When we are in our teens, it is called “peer pressure.” When we are older, it is called “people-pleasing.” Recently, it has been called “codependency.” With these labels in mind, we can spot the fear of man everywhere. Diagnosis is fairly straightforward. - Have you ever struggled with peer pressure? “Peer pressure” is simply a euphemism for the fear of man. - Are you over-committed? Do you find that it is hard to say no even when wisdom indicates that you should? Are you are a “people-pleaser,” another euphemism for the fear of man ? - Do you “need” something from your spouse? Do you “need” your spouse to listen to you? Respect you? Think carefully here. Certainly God is pleased when there is good communication and a mutual honor between spouses. But for many people, the desire for these things has roots in something that is far from God’s design for his image-bearers. Unless you understand the biblical parameters of marital commitment, your spouse will become the one you fear. Your spouse will control you. Your spouse will quietly take the place of God in your life. - Is self-esteem a critical concern for you? This, at least in the United States, is the most popular way that the fear of other people is expressed. If self-esteem is a recurring theme for you, chances are that your life revolves around what others think. You reverence or fear their opinions. You need them to buttress your sense of well-being and identity. You need them to fill you up. - Do you ever feel as if you might be exposed as an impostor? Many business executives and apparently successful people do. The sense of being exposed is an expression of the fear of man. It means that the opinions of other people — especially their possible opinion that you are a failure — are able to control you. - Are you always second-guessing decisions because of what other people might think? Are you afraid of making mistakes that will make you look bad in other people’s eyes? - Do you feel empty or meaningless? Do you experience “love hunger”? Here again, if you need others to fill you, you are controlled by them. - Do you get easily embarrassed? If so, people and their perceived opinions probably define you. Or, to use biblical language, you exalt the opinions of others to the point where you are ruled by them. THE problem is clear: People are too big in our lives and God is too small. The answer is straightforward: We must learn to know that our God is more loving and more powerful than we ever imagined. Yet this task is not easy. Even if we worked at the most spectacular of national parks, or the bush in our backyard started burning without being consumed, or Jesus appeared and wrestled a few rounds with us, we would not be guaranteed a persistent reverence of God. Too often our mountain-top experiences are quickly overtaken by the clamor of the world, and God once again is diminished in our minds. The goal is to establish a daily tradition of growing in the knowledge of God.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Counselling'}","256 pages, Paperback",4.24
The Normal Christian Life,Watchman Nee,This classic work unfolds the path of faith and presents the eternal purpose of God in simple terms.,"{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","294 pages, Paperback",4.26
The Jesus Storybook Bible: Every Story Whispers His Name,Sally Lloyd-Jones,"For over a decade, The Jesus Storybook Bible has been introducing children to God’s wonderful story, and the Savior at the center of that story. Trusted and treasured for over a decade, with over 3 million copies sold, The Jesus Storybook Bible is the quintessential book for parents, grandparents, pastors, and anyone else who wants to share God’s Never Stopping, Never Giving Up, Unbreaking, Always and Forever Love with children. What makes The Jesus Storybook Bible different from every other kids’ Bible? While other kids’ Bibles contain stories from the Old and New Testaments, The Jesus Storybook Bible tells the Story beneath all the stories in the Bible, pointing to Jesus as our Savior. From the Old Testament through the New Testament, as the Story unfolds, children will clearly see that Jesus is at the center of God's great story of salvation—and at the center of their story too. The Jesus Storybook Bible : Other titles in the Jesus Storybook Bible collection ","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Picture Books', 'Theology', 'Childrens', 'Christianity'}","352 pages, Hardcover",4.68
The Religious Affections,Jonathan Edwards,"Jonathan Edwards is best known as the theologian of revival. In this, his major study on the theme, he analyses the nature of a genuine work of the Holy Spirit.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","382 pages, Paperback",4.23
Letters and Papers from Prison,Dietrich Bonhoeffer,"One of the great classics of prison literature, Letters and Papers from Prison effectively serves as the last will and testament of the Lutheran theologian Dietrich Bonhoeffer.Dietrich Bonhoeffer was a young German pastor who was executed by the Nazis in 1945 for his part in the “officers’ plot” to assassinate Adolf Hitler.This expanded version of Letters and Papers from Prison shifts the emphasis of earlier editions of Bonhoeffer’s theological reflections to the private sphere of his life. His letters appear in greater detail and show his daily concerns. Letters from Bonhoeffer’s parents, siblings, and other relatives have also been added, in addition to previously inaccessible letters and legal papers referring to his trial.Acute and subtle, warm and perceptive, yet also profoundly moving, the documents collectively tell a very human story of loss, of courage, and of hope. Bonhoeffer’s story seems as vitally relevant, as politically prophetic, and as theologically significant today, as it did yesterday.","{'Biography', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity'}","437 pages, Paperback",4.31
The Life You've Always Wanted: Spiritual Disciplines for Ordinary People,John Ortberg,"Ignite a deeper, more vibrant relationship with God that impacts not just your spiritual life but every aspect of your daily life. John Ortberg calls readers back to the dynamic heartbeat of Christianity--God's power to bring change and growth--and reveals how and why transformation takes place. The Life You've Always Wanted offers modern perspectives on the ancient path of the spiritual disciplines. But it is more than just a book about things to do to be a good Christian. It's a road map toward true transformation that starts not with the individual but with the person at the journey's end--Jesus Christ. As with a marathon runner, the secret to finishing a race lies not in trying harder, but in training consistently--training with the spiritual disciplines. The disciplines are neither taskmasters nor ends in themselves. Rather they are exercises that build strength and endurance for the road of growth. The fruit of the Spirit--joy, peace, kindness, etc.--are the signposts along the way. Paved with humor and sparkling anecdotes, The Life You've Always Wanted is an encouraging and challenging approach to a Christian life that's worth living--a life on the edge that fills an ordinary world with new meaning, hope, change, and joy.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","272 pages, Hardcover",4.03
Scripture and the Authority of God: How to Read the Bible Today,N.T. Wright,"In Scripture and the Authority of God: How to Read the Bible Today, Widely respected Bible and Jesus scholar, N. T. Wright gives new life to the old, tattered doctrine of the authority of scripture, delivering a fresh, helpful, and concise statement on the current “battles for the Bible,” and restoring scripture as the primary place to find God’s voice.In this revised and expanded version of The Last Word, leading biblical scholar N. T. Wright shows how both evangelicals and liberals are guilty of misreading Scripture and reveals a new model for understanding God’s authority and the Bible.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","224 pages, Hardcover",4.05
"The Sin of Certainty: Why God Desires Our Trust More Than Our ""Correct"" Beliefs",Peter Enns,"The controversial evangelical Bible scholar and author of The Bible Tells Me So explains how Christians mistake “certainty” and “correct belief” for faith when what God really desires is trust and intimacy.With compelling and often humorous stories from his own life, Bible scholar Peter Enns offers a fresh look at how Christian life truly works, answering questions that cannot be addressed by the idealized traditional doctrine of “once for all delivered to the saints.”Enns offers a model of vibrant faith that views skepticism not as a loss of belief, but as an opportunity to deepen religious conviction with courage and confidence. This is not just an intellectual conviction, he contends, but a more profound kind of knowing that only true faith can provide.Combining Enns’ reflections of his own spiritual journey with an examination of Scripture, The Sin of Certainty models an acceptance of mystery and paradox that all believers can follow and why God prefers this path because it is only this way by which we can become mature disciples who truly trust God. It gives Christians who have known only the demand for certainty permission to view faith on their own flawed, uncertain, yet heartfelt, terms.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","230 pages, Hardcover",4.26
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ,Lew Wallace,"Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ (1880) by Lew Wallace is one of the most popular and beloved 19th century American novels. This faithful New Testament tale combines the events of the life of Jesus with grand historical spectacle in the exciting story of Judah of the House of Hur, a man who finds extraordinary redemption for himself and his family.A classic of faith, fortitude, and inspiration.","{'Christian', 'Historical', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Fiction', 'Historical Fiction', 'Christian Fiction'}","620 pages, Hardcover",4.03
Under the Banner of Heaven: A Story of Violent Faith,Jon Krakauer,"A Story of Violent FaithA multilayered, bone-chilling narrative of messianic delusion, savage violence, polygamy, and unyielding faith. This is vintage Krakauer, an utterly compelling work of nonfiction that illuminates an otherwise confounding realm of human behavior.Jon Krakauer’s literary reputation rests on insightful chronicles of lives conducted at the outer limits. In Under The Banner of Heaven: A Story of Violent Faith, he shifts his focus from extremes of physical adventure to extremes of religious belief within our own borders. At the core of his book is an appalling double murder committed by two Mormon Fundamentalist brothers, Ron and Dan Lafferty, who insist they received a revelation from God commanding them to kill their blameless victims. Beginning with a meticulously researched account of this ""divinely inspired"" crime, Krakauer constructs a multilayered, bone-chilling narrative of messianic delusion, savage violence, polygamy, and unyielding faith. Along the way, he uncovers a shadowy offshoot of America’s fastest-growing religion, and raises provocative questions about the nature of religious belief.Krakauer takes readers inside isolated communities in the American West, Canada, and Mexico, where some forty-thousand Mormon Fundamentalists believe the mainstream Mormon Church went unforgivably astray when it renounced polygamy. Defying both civil authorities and the Mormon establishment in Salt Lake City, the leaders of these outlaw sects are zealots who answer only to God. Marrying prodigiously and with virtual impunity (the leader of the largest fundamentalist church took seventy-five ""plural wives,"" several of whom were wed to him when they were fourteen or fifteen and he was in his eighties), fundamentalist prophets exercise absolute control over the lives of their followers, and preach that any day now the world will be swept clean in a hurricane of fire, sparing only their most obedient adherents.Weaving the story of the Lafferty brothers and their fanatical brethren with a clear-eyed look at Mormonism’s violent past, Krakauer examines the underbelly of the most successful homegrown faith in the United States, and finds a distinctly American brand of religious extremism. The result is vintage Krakauer, an utterly compelling work of nonfiction that illuminates an otherwise confounding realm of human behavior.","{'Audiobook', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'History', 'Cults', 'Crime', 'True Crime'}","400 pages, Paperback",4.00
Take This Bread: A Radical Conversion,Sara  Miles,"“Mine is a personal story of an unexpected and terribly inconvenient Christian conversion, told by a very unlikely convert.”–Sara MilesRaised as an atheist, Sara Miles lived an enthusiastically secular life as a restaurant cook and a writer. Then early one winter morning, for no earthly reason, she wandered into a church. “I was certainly not interested in becoming a Christian,” she writes, “or, as I thought of it rather less politely, a religious nut.” But she ate a piece of bread, took a sip of wine, and found herself radically transformed.The mysterious sacrament of communion has sustained Miles ever since, in a faith she’d scorned, in work she’d never imagined. In this astonishing story, she tells how the seeds of her conversion were sown, and what her life has been like since she took that bread.A lesbian left-wing journalist who covered revolutions around the world, Miles was not the woman her friends expected to see suddenly praising Jesus. She was certainly not the kind of person the government had in mind to run a “faith-based charity.” Religion for her was not about angels or good behavior or piety; it was about real hunger, real food, and real bodies. Before long, she turned the bread she ate at communion into tons of groceries, piled on the church’s altar to be given away. The first food pantry she established provided hundreds of poor, elderly, sick, deranged, and marginalized people with lifesaving food and a sense of belonging. Within a few years, the loaves had multiplied, and she and the people she served had started nearly a dozen more pantries.Take This Bread is rich with real-life Dickensian characters–church ladies, child abusers, millionaires, schizophrenics, bishops, and thieves–all blown into Miles’s life by the relentless force of her newfound calling. She recounts stories about trudging through the rain in housing projects, wiping the runny nose of a psychotic man, storing a battered woman’s .375 Magnum in a cookie tin. She writes about the economy of hunger and the ugly politics of food; the meaning of prayer and the physicality of faith. Here, in this achingly beautiful, passionate book, is the living communion of Christ.“ The most amazing book.” – Anne Lamott","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Memoir', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","283 pages, Hardcover",3.99
The Red Tent,Anita Diamant,"Her name is Dinah. In the Bible, her life is only hinted at in a brief and violent detour within the more familiar chapters of the Book of Genesis that are about her father, Jacob, and his dozen sons. Told in Dinah's voice, this novel reveals the traditions and turmoils of ancient womanhood—the world of the red tent. It begins with the story of her mothers—Leah, Rachel, Zilpah, and Bilhah—the four wives of Jacob. They love Dinah and give her gifts that sustain her through a hard-working youth, a calling to midwifery, and a new home in a foreign land. Dinah's story reaches out from a remarkable period of early history and creates an intimate connection with the past. Deeply affecting, The Red Tent combines rich storytelling with a valuable achievement in modern fiction: a new view of biblical women's society.","{'Feminism', 'Historical', 'Book Club', 'Religion', 'Historical Fiction', 'Fiction', 'Adult'}","324 pages, Hardcover",4.20
Grace (Eventually): Thoughts on Faith,Anne Lamott,"In Grace (Eventually): Thoughts on Faith, the author of the bestsellers Traveling Mercies and Plan B delivers a poignant, funny, and bittersweet primer of faith, as we come to discover what it means to be fully alive.In Grace (Eventually): Thoughts on Faith, Lamott examines the ways we're caught in life's most daunting predicaments: love, mothering, work, politics, and maybe toughest of all, evolving from who we are to who we were meant to be. This is a complicated process for most of us, and Lamott turns her wit and honesty inward to describe her own intimate, bumpy, and unconventional road to grace and faith.""I wish grace and healing were more abracadabra kinds of things,"" she writes in one of her essays, ""that delicate silver bells would ring to announce grace's arrival. But no, it's clog and slog and scootch, on the floor, in silence, in the dark.""Whether she's writing about her unsuccessful efforts to get her money back from an obstinate carpet salesman, grappling with the tectonic shifts in her relationship with her son as he matures, trying to maintain her faith and humor during politically challenging times, or helping a close friend die with dignity, Lamott seeks out both the divinity and the humanity in herself and everything around her. Throughout these essays, she writes of her struggle to find the essence of her faith, which she uncovers in the unlikeliest places.","{'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Memoir', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Essays'}","255 pages, Hardcover",3.95
True Spirituality: How to Live for Jesus Moment by Moment,Francis A. Schaeffer,"Francis Shaeffer had been serving as a pastor for over a decade when he began to wonder if Christianity really made a difference in people’s lives. True Spirituality , a twentieth-century spiritual classic, outlines the result of his effort to “start at the beginning” and re-examine his faith. The book is a treasure trove of wisdom for Christians trying to discover what true spirituality looks like in everyday life. Includes a foreword by Chuck Colson and an introduction by Dr. Jerram Barrs, director of the Schaeffer Institute.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","192 pages, Paperback",4.26
Rome Sweet Home: Our Journey to Catholicism,Kimberly Hahn,"The well-known and very popular Catholic couple, Scott and Kimberly Hahn, have been constantly travelling and speaking all over North America for the last few years about their conversion to the Catholic Church. Now these two outstanding Catholic apologists tell in their own words about the incredible spiritual journey that led them to embrace Catholicism. Scott Hahn was a Presbyterian minister, the top student in his seminary class, a brilliant Scripture scholar, and militantly anti-Catholic ... until he reluctantly began to discover that his ""enemy"" had all the right answers. Kimberly, also a top-notch theology student in the seminary, is the daughter of a well-known Protestant minister, and went through a tremendous ""dark night of the soul"" after Scott converted to Catholicism. Their conversion story and love for the Church has captured the hearts and minds of thousands of lukewarm Catholics and brought them back into an active participation in the Church. They have also influenced countless conversions to Catholicism among their friends and others who have heard their powerful testimony. Written with simplicity, charity, grace and wit, the Hahns' deep love and knowledge of Christ and of Scripture is evident and contagious throughout their story. Their love of truth and of neighbor is equally evident, and their theological focus on the great importance of the family, both biological and spiritual, will be a source of inspiration for all readers.","{'Biography', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Catholic', 'Theology'}","182 pages, Paperback",4.39
New Morning Mercies: A Daily Gospel Devotional,Paul David Tripp,"Over 1 Million Copies Sold 365 Gospel-Centered Devotions for the Whole Year ""If you’re prone to wander, this book is for you.” ―Matt and Lauren Chandler, Lead Pastor, The Village Church, Dallas, Texas; President, Acts 29 Church Planting Network; and his wife Lauren, writer; speaker; singer ""Paul's writing encourages those who have grown weary of the struggle, living under the weight of the world."" ―TobyMac, hip hop recording artist; music producer; songwriter Mornings can be tough. Sometimes, a hearty breakfast and strong cup of coffee just aren’t enough. Offering more than a rush of caffeine, best-selling author Paul David Tripp wants to energize you with the most potent encouragement the gospel. Forget “behavior modification” or feel-good aphorisms. Tripp knows that what we really need is an encounter with the living God. Then we’ll be prepared to trust in God’s goodness, rely on his grace, and live for his glory each and every day.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","384 pages, Hardcover",4.54
Catholicism: A Journey to the Heart of the Faith,Robert Barron,"“What I propose to do in this book is to take you on a guided exploration of the Catholic world, but not in the manner of a docent, for I am not interested in showing you the artifacts of Catholicism as though they were dusty objets d’art in a museum of culture.  I want to function rather as a mystagogue, conducting you ever deeper into the mystery of the incarnation in the hopes that you might be transformed by its power.” – Father Robert Barron What is Catholicism? A 2,000-year-old living tradition? A worldview? A way of life? A relationship? A mystery? In Catholicism Father Robert Barron examines all these questions and more, seeking to capture the body, heart and mind of the Catholic faith.Starting from the essential foundation of Jesus Christ’s incarnation, life, and teaching, Father Barron moves through the defining elements of Catholicism – from sacraments, worship, and prayer, to Mary, the Apostles, and Saints, to grace, salvation, heaven, and hell – using his distinct and dynamic grasp of art, literature, architecture, personal stories, Scripture, theology, philosophy, and history to present the Church to the world.Paired with his documentary film series of the same title, Catholicism is an intimate journey, capturing “The Catholic Thing” in all its depth and beauty. Eclectic, unique, and inspiring, Father Barron brings the faith to life for a new generation, in a style that is both faithful to timeless truths, while simultaneously speaking in the language of contemporary life.Includes over 100 black and white and color photos.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Catholic', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","279 pages, Hardcover",4.50
Leaving Church: A Memoir of Faith,Barbara Brown Taylor,"By now I expected to be a seasoned parish minister, wearing black clergy shirts grown gray from frequent washing. I expected to love the children who hung on my legs after Sunday morning services until they grew up and had children of their own. I even expected to be buried wearing the same red vestments in which I was ordained.Today those vestments are hanging in the sacristy of an Anglican church in Kenya, my church pension is frozen, and I am as likely to spend Sunday mornings with friendly Quakers, Presbyterians, or Congregationalists as I am with the Episcopalians who remain my closest kin. Some-times I even keep the Sabbath with a cup of steaming Assam tea on my front porch, watching towhees vie for the highest perch in the poplar tree while God watches me. These days I earn my living teaching school, not leading worship, and while I still dream of opening a small restaurant in Clarkesville or volunteering at an eye clinic in Nepal, there is no guarantee that I will not run off with the circus before I am through. This is not the life I planned, or the life I recommend to others. But it is the life that has turned out to be mine, and the central revelation in it for me -- that the call to serve God is first and last the call to be fully human -- seems important enough to witness to on paper. This book is my attempt to do that.After nine years serving on the staff of a big urban church in Atlanta, Barbara Brown Taylor arrives in rural Clarkesville, Georgia (population 1,500), following her dream to become the pastor of her own small congregation. The adjustment from city life to country dweller is something of a shock -- Taylor is one of the only professional women in the community -- but small-town life offers many of its own unique joys. Taylor has five successful years that see significant growth in the church she serves, but ultimately she finds herself experiencing ""compassion fatigue"" and wonders what exactly God has called her to do. She realizes that in order to keep her faith she may have to leave.Taylor describes a rich spiritual journey in which God has given her more questions than answers. As she becomes part of the flock instead of the shepherd, she describes her poignant and sincere struggle to regain her footing in the world without her defining collar. Taylor's realization that this may in fact be God's surprising path for her leads her to a refreshing search to find Him in new places. Leaving Church will remind even the most skeptical among us that life is about both disappointment and hope -- and ultimately, renewal.","{'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Memoir', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","251 pages, Paperback",4.13
Do Hard Things: A Teenage Rebellion Against Low Expectations,Alex  Harris,"A generation stands on the brink of a ""rebelution.""A growing movement of young people is rebelling against the low expectations of today's culture by choosing to ""do hard things"" for the glory of God. And Alex and Brett Harris are leading the charge.Do Hard Things is the Harris twins' revolutionary message in its purest and most compelling form, giving readers a tangible glimpse of what is possible for teens who actively resist cultural lies that limit their potential.Combating the idea of adolescence as a vacation from responsibility, the authors weave together biblical insights, history, and modern examples to redefine the teen years as the launching pad of life. Then they map out five powerful ways teens can respond for personal and social change.Written by teens for teens, Do Hard Things is packed with humorous personal anecdotes, practical examples, and stories of real-life rebelutionaries in action. This rallying cry from the heart of an already-happening teen revolution challenges a generation to lay claim to a brighter future, starting today.","{'Self Help', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Parenting', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","242 pages, Hardcover",4.04
A Canticle for Leibowitz,Walter M. Miller Jr.,"In a nightmarish ruined world slowly awakening to the light after sleeping in darkness, the infant rediscoveries of science are secretly nourished by cloistered monks dedicated to the study and preservation of the relics and writings of the blessed Saint Isaac Leibowitz. From here the story spans centuries of ignorance, violence, and barbarism, viewing through a sharp, satirical eye the relentless progression of a human race damned by its inherent humanness to recelebrate its grand foibles and repeat its grievous mistakes.","{'Science Fiction', 'Science Fiction Fantasy', 'Fantasy', 'Dystopia', 'Classics', 'Post Apocalyptic', 'Fiction'}","334 pages, Paperback",3.98
"The Lost History of Christianity: The Thousand-Year Golden Age of the Church in the Middle East, Africa, and Asia—and How It Died",Philip Jenkins,"In this groundbreaking book, renowned religion scholar Philip Jenkins offers a lost history, revealing that, for centuries, Christianity's center was actually in the Middle East, Asia, and Africa, with significant communities extending as far as China. The Lost History of Christianity unveils a vast and forgotten network of the world's largest and most influential Christian churches that existed to the east of the Roman Empire. These churches and their leaders ruled the Middle East for centuries and became the chief administrators and academics in the new Muslim empire. The author recounts the shocking history of how these churches—those that had the closest link to Jesus and the early church—died.Jenkins takes a stand against current scholars who assert that variant, alternative Christianities disappeared in the fourth and fifth centuries on the heels of a newly formed hierarchy under Constantine, intent on crushing unorthodox views. In reality, Jenkins says, the largest churches in the world were the “heretics” who lost the orthodoxy battles. These so-called heretics were in fact the most influential Christian groups throughout Asia, and their influence lasted an additional one thousand years beyond their supposed demise.Jenkins offers a new lens through which to view our world today, including the current conflicts in the Middle East, Asia, and Africa. Without this lost history, we lack an important element for understanding our collective religious past. By understanding the forgotten catastrophe that befell Christianity, we can appreciate the surprising new births that are occurring in our own time, once again making Christianity a true world religion.","{'Christian', 'Church History', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity'}","315 pages, Hardcover",4.03
The Cloister Walk,Kathleen Norris,"Why would a married woman with a thoroughly Protestant background and often more doubt than faith be drawn to the ancient practice of monasticism, to a community of celibate men whose days are centered around a rigid schedule of prayer, work, and scripture? This is the question that poet Kathleen Norris asks us as, somewhat to her own surprise, she found herself on two extended residencies at St. John's Abbey in Minnesota. Part record of her time among the Benedictines, part meditation on various aspects of monastic life, The Cloister Walk demonstrates, from the rare perspective of someone who is both an insider and outsider, how immersion in the cloistered world -- its liturgy, its ritual, its sense of community -- can impart meaning to everyday events and deepen our secular lives. In this stirring and lyrical work, the monastery, often considered archaic or otherworldly, becomes immediate, accessible, and relevant to us, no matter what our faith may be.* A New York Times bestseller for 23 weeks* A New York Times Notable Book of the Year","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Memoir', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","385 pages, Paperback",4.05
Soul Harvest: The World Takes Sides,Tim LaHaye,"Having survived the wrath of the Lamb--a global earthquake in the 21st month of the Tribulation--pilot Rayford Steele and reporter Buck Williams now embark on a journey of absorbing adventure and Christian triumph. Soul Harvest is book four in the enormously popular Left Behind series (seven books are planned in all), based on those who are left behind in the Rapture. Written with the same gripping pace of Tom Clancy and John Grisham (film rights have already been sold for the first two books), the authors take us to Iraq, America, underground shelters, and the bottom of the Tigris river as Steele and Williams search for loved ones. Meanwhile, biblical prophecies are fulfilled at every turn, including the great soul harvest. For many Christian followers, this series has become a tangible and thrilling testament to the Book of Revelations. --Gail Hudson","{'Thriller', 'Christian', 'Fantasy', 'Religion', 'Fiction', 'Christian Fiction', 'Christianity'}","424 pages, Paperback",3.98
The Sovereignty of God,Arthur W. Pink,Handles a doctrine little understood and heard of infrequently in these days of humanism. This book gives God his proper place of supremacy and is a classic on the subject.,"{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","269 pages, Paperback",4.40
The Nag Hammadi Library,Unknown Nag Hammadi,"The Nag Hammadi Library was discovered in 1945 buried in a large stone jar in the desert outside the modern Egyptian city of Nag Hammadi. It is a collection of religious and philosophic texts gathered and translated into Coptic by fourth-century Gnostic Christians and translated into English by dozens of highly reputable experts. First published in 1978, this is the revised 1988 edition supported by illuminating introductions to each document. The library itself is a diverse collection of texts that the Gnostics considered to be related to their heretical philosophy in some way. There are 45 separate titles, including a Coptic translation from the Greek of two well-known works: the Gospel of Thomas, attributed to Jesus' brother Judas, and Plato's Republic. The word gnosis is defined as ""the immediate knowledge of spiritual truth."" This doomed radical sect believed in being here now--withdrawing from the contamination of society and materiality--and that heaven is an internal state, not some place above the clouds. That this collection has resurfaced at this historical juncture is more than likely no coincidence.--P. Randall Cohan","{'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'History', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Gnosticism'}","576 pages, Paperback",4.22
Future Grace,John      Piper,"This book helps readers discover the key to overcoming sin and living a life that honors God. John Piper encourages believers to look ahead to the grace God provides for us on a day-by-day, moment-by-moment basis.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","448 pages, Paperback",4.17
The Mind of the Maker,Dorothy L. Sayers,"This classic, with a new introduction by Madeleine L'Engle, is by turns an entrancing mediation on language; a piercing commentary on the nature of art and why so much of what we read, hear, and see falls short; and a brilliant examination of the fundamental tenets of Christianity. The Mind of the Maker will be relished by those already in love with Dorothy L. Sayers and those who have not yet met her. A mystery writer, a witty and perceptive theologian, culture critic, and playwright, Dorothy Sayers sheds new, unexpected light on a specific set of statements made in the Christian creeds. She examines anew such ideas as the image of God, the Trinity, free will, and evil, and in these pages a wholly revitalized understanding of them emerges. The author finds the key in the parallels between the creation of God and the human creative process. She continually refers to each in a way that illuminates both.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Writing', 'Christianity'}","229 pages, Paperback",4.17
Shepherding a Child's Heart,Tedd Tripp,"Shepherding a Child's Heart is about how to speak to the heart of your child. The things your child does and says flow from the heart. Luke 6:45 puts it this way: ""...out of the overflow of the heart the mouth speaks."" Written for parents with children of any age, this insightful book provides perspectives and procedures for shepherding your child's heart into the paths of life.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Parenting', 'Family', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Counselling'}","212 pages, Paperback",4.18
The Wisdom of the Desert: Sayings from the Desert Fathers of the Fourth Century,Thomas Merton,"In the fourth century, the wildernesses of Egypt and Palestine were inhabited by a strange breed of spiritual the first Christian hermits. Thomas Merton's affection for these ""Desert Fathers"" shines in this much-loved treasury of their acts and words of wisdom. His free translation from the Latin source Verba Senorium illuminates their radical lives with insight and humor and sets them in close relation to Zen recluses, Hindu renunciants, and all those who have ever fled conventional life in search of higher wisdom.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","128 pages, Hardcover",3.95
Follow Me: A Call to Die. A Call to Live.,David Platt,"What did Jesus really mean when he said, “Follow Me”?In this new book, David Platt, author of the New York Times bestselling book, Radical: Taking Back Your Faith from the American Dream, contends that multitudes of people around the world culturally think they are Christians yet biblically are not followers of Christ.Scores of men, women, and children have been told that becoming a follower of Jesus simply involves believing certain truths or saying certain words. As a result, churches today are filled with people who believe they are Christians . . . but aren’t. We want to be disciples as long as doing so does not intrude on our lifestyles, our preferences, our comforts, and even our religion.Revealing a biblical picture of what it means to truly be a Christian, Follow Me explores the gravity of what we must forsake in this world, as well as the indescribable joy and deep satisfaction to be found when we live for Christ.The call to follow Jesus is not simply an invitation to pray a prayer; it’s a summons to lose your life—and to find new life in him. This book will show you what such life actually looks like.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Discipleship', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","245 pages, Paperback",4.17
Help Thanks Wow: The Three Essential Prayers,Anne Lamott,"A New York Times bestseller from the author of Hallelujah Anyway, Bird by Bird, and Almost EverythingAuthor Anne Lamott writes about the three simple prayers essential to coming through tough times, difficult days and the hardships of daily lifeReaders of all ages have followed and cherished Anne Lamott’s funny and perceptive writing about her own faith through decades of trial and error. And in her new book, Help, Thanks, Wow, she has coalesced everything she knows about prayer to these fundamentals.It is these three prayers – asking for assistance from a higher power, appreciating what we have that is good, and feeling awe at the world around us – that can get us through the day and can show us the way forward. In Help, Thanks, Wow, Lamott recounts how she came to these insights, explains what they mean to her and how they have helped, and explores how others have embraced these same ideas.","{'Self Help', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Memoir', 'Spirituality'}","102 pages, Hardcover",3.99
The Attributes of God,Arthur W. Pink,"This classic work of Arthur W. Pink invites readers to discover the truth about seventeen attributes of God, including his sovereignty, immutability, patience, love, faithfulness, and much more.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","128 pages, Paperback",4.50
The Rage Against God: How Atheism Led Me to Faith,Peter Hitchens,"Here, for the first time, in his new book The Rage Against God, Peter Hitchens, brother of prominent atheist Christopher Hitchens, chronicles his personal journey through disbelief into a committed Christian faith. With unflinching openness and intellectual honesty, Hitchens describes the personal loss and philosophical curiosity that led him to burn his Bible at prep school and embrace atheism in its place. From there, he traces his experience as a journalist in Soviet Moscow, and the critical observations that left him with more questions than answers, and more despair than hope for how to live a meaningful life. With first-hand insight into the blurring of the line between politics and the Church, Hitchens reveals the reasons why an honest assessment of Atheism cannot sustain disbelief in God. In the process, he provides hope for all believers who, in the words of T. S. Eliot, may discover the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time.","{'Biography', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Politics', 'Christianity'}","224 pages, Hardcover",3.75
The Bible: A Biography,Karen Armstrong,"As the work at the heart of Christianity, the Bible is the spiritual guide for one out of every three people in the world. It is also the world’s most widely distributed book, translated into over two thousand languages, and the world’s best selling book, year after year. But the Bible is a complex work with a complicated and obscure history. Made up of sixty-six “books” written by various authors and divided into two testaments, its contents have changed over the centuries. The Bible has been transformed by translation and, through interpretation, has developed manifold meanings to various religions, denominations, and sects. In this seminal account, acclaimed historian Karen Armstrong discusses the conception, gestation, and life of history’s most powerful book. Armstrong analyzes the social and political situation in which oral history turned into written scripture, how this all-pervasive scripture was collected into one work, and how it became accepted as Christianity’s sacred text. She explores how scripture came to be read for information, and how, in the nineteenth century, historical criticism of the Bible caused greater fear than Darwinism. This is a brilliant, captivating book, crucial in an age of declining faith and rising fundamentalism.","{'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","229 pages, Hardcover",3.81
Mudhouse Sabbath,Lauren F. Winner,"In her groundbreaking book, Girl Meets God, Lauren Winner described her path from Orthodox Judaism to Christianity. Now, with characteristic wit, intellectual sharpness, and passion for authenticity, Winner illuminates eleven spiritual lessons that Judaism taught her. By reflecting deeply on these religious practices and how they shape and inform her faith as a Christian, Winner provides a fascinating guide for all Christians seeking to enrich their spiritual lives through a deeper understanding of Judaism.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Memoir', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","128 pages, Hardcover",3.95
Introduction to Christianity,Pope Benedict XVI,"Revised EditionOne of Cardinal Ratzinger's most important and widely read books, this volume is a revised second edition with an improved translation and an in-depth 20 page preface by the Cardinal. As he states in the preface, since this book was first published over 30 years ago, many changes and significant events have occurred in the world, and in the Church. But even so, he says he is firmly convinced that his fundamental approach in this book is still very timely and crucial for the spiritual needs of modern man. That approach puts the question of God and the question about Christ in the very center, which leads to a ""narrative Christology"" and demonstrates that the place for faith is in the Church.Thus, this remarkable elucidation of the Apostle's Creed gives an excellent, modern interpretation of the foundations of Christianity. Ratzinger's profound treatment of Christianity's basic truths combines a spiritual outlook with a deep knowledge of Scripture and the history of theology.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Catholic', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","300 pages, Paperback",4.42
Jesus and the Victory of God,N.T. Wright,"In this highly anticipated volume, N. T. Wright focuses directly on the historical Jesus: Who was he? What did he say? And what did he mean by it?Wright begins by showing how the questions posed by Albert Schweitzer a century ago remain central today. Then he sketches a profile of Jesus in terms of his prophetic praxis, his subversive stories, the symbols by which he reordered his world, and the answers he gave to the key questions that any world view must address. The examination of Jesus' aims and beliefs, argued on the basis of Jesus' actions and their accompanying riddles, is sure to stimulate heated response. Wright offers a provocative portrait of Jesus as Israel's Messiah who would share and bear the fate of the nation and would embody the long-promised return of Israel's God to Zion.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity', 'New Testament'}","741 pages, Paperback",4.43
The Didache,The Twelve Apostles,The Teaching of the Twelve- an early Christian compilation. Traditionally ascribed to the Twelve Apostles.,"{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Catholic', 'Theology', 'History', 'Christianity'}","20 pages, Kindle Edition",4.33
Out of Sorts: Making Peace with an Evolving Faith,Sarah Bessey,"From the popular blogger and provocative author of Jesus Feminist comes a riveting new study of Christianity that helps you wrestle with—and sort out—your faith.In Out of Sorts, Sarah Bessey—award-winning blogger and author of Jesus Feminist, which was hailed as “lucid, compelling, and beautifully written” (Frank Viola, author of God’s Favorite Place on Earth)—helps us grapple with core Christian issues using a mixture of beautiful storytelling and biblical teaching, a style well described as “narrative theology.”As she candidly shares her wrestlings with core issues—such as who Jesus is, what place the Church has in our lives, how to disagree yet remain within a community, and how to love the Bible for what it is rather than what we want it to be—she teaches us how to walk courageously through our own tough questions.In the process of gently helping us sort things out, Bessey teaches us how to be as comfortable with uncertainty as we are with solid answers. And as we learn to hold questions in one hand and answers in the other, we discover new depths of faith that will remain secure even through the storms of life.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Memoir', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","259 pages, Paperback",4.24
"Taking God At His Word: Why the Bible Is Knowable, Necessary, and Enough, and What That Means for You and Me",Kevin DeYoung,"The Bible stands at the heart of the Christian faith, but people disagree about its nature and authority. Can we trust the Bible completely? Is it sufficient for our complicated lives? Can we really know what it teaches? And isn't it more important to focus on Jesus instead of the Bible?With his characteristic wit and clarity, Kevin DeYoung has written an accessible introduction to the Bible that answers important questions raised by Christians and non-Christians alike. This book will help readers understand what the Bible says about itself and the key characteristics that contribute to its lasting significance. Avoiding technical jargon, this winsome volume will encourage men and women to read and believe the Bible--confident that it truly is God's word.Free Study Guide by Pat Quinn.","{'Christian', 'Scripture', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","144 pages, Hardcover",4.29
Encounters with Jesus: Unexpected Answers to Life's Biggest Questions,Timothy J. Keller,"Renowned pastor and New York Times bestselling author of The Prodigal Prophet  Timothy Keller shows how people were changed when they met Jesus personally—and how we can be changed today through our own encounter with him. What is my purpose in life? What is a good life? Why is there so much wrong with our world? What can I do to help make it right? These are some of the big questions that everyone must answer. And any lasting change in our lives will start with a change to one or more of our answers to these questions.  Jesus changed the life of every person he met in the Gospels, through powerful experiences and words that led them to unexpected and transforming answers to their big questions. These conversations can still address our questions and doubts today. Originally published as an eSeries, Encounters with Jesus focuses on several of these meetings — including with a skeptical student, a religious insider, an outcast, even Jesus’ mother — and shows how the central events in Jesus’ life provide ways for us to encounter him again or for the first time.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","213 pages, Hardcover",4.46
The Circle Maker: Praying Circles Around Your Biggest Dreams and Greatest Fears,Mark Batterson,"Sharing inspiring stories from his own experiences as a prayer circle maker, Batterson will help readers uncover their heart's deepest desires and God-given dreams and unleash them through the kind of audacious prayer that God delights to answer.","{'Christian', 'Prayer', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","224 pages, Hardcover",4.20
The Consolation of Philosophy,Boethius,"Boethius was an eminent public figure under the Gothic emperor Theodoric, and an exceptional Greek scholar. When he became involved in a conspiracy and was imprisoned in Pavia, it was to the Greek philosophers that he turned. The Consolation was written in the period leading up to his brutal execution. It is a dialogue of alternating prose and verse between the ailing prisoner and his 'nurse' Philosophy. Her instruction on the nature of fortune and happiness, good and evil, fate and free will, restore his health and bring him to enlightenment. The Consolation was extremely popular throughout medieval Europe and his ideas were influential on the thought of Chaucer and Dante.For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators.","{'Poetry', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Medieval'}","155 pages, Paperback",4.01
This Momentary Marriage: A Parable of Permanence,John      Piper,"Reflecting on forty years of matrimony, John Piper exalts the biblical meaning of marriage over its emotion, exhorting couples to keep their covenant for all the best reasons.Even in the days when people commonly stayed married ""'til death do us part,"" there has never been a generation whose view of marriage was high enough, says Pastor John Piper. That is all the more true in our casual times.Though personal selfishness and cultural bondage obstruct the wonder of God's purpose, it is found in God's Word, where his design can awaken a glorious vision capable of freeing every person from small, Christ-ignoring, romance-intoxicated views. As Piper explains in reflecting on forty years of matrimony: ""Most foundationally, marriage is the doing of God. And ultimately, marriage is the display of God. It displays the covenant-keeping love between Christ and his people to the world in a way that no other event or institution does. Marriage, therefore, is not mainly about being in love. It's mainly about telling the truth with our lives. And staying married is not about staying in love. It is about keeping covenant and putting the glory of Christ's covenant-keeping love on display.""This Momentary Marriage unpacks the biblical vision, its unexpected contours, and its weighty implications for married, single, divorced, and remarried alike.","{'Christian', 'Relationships', 'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Marriage'}","192 pages, Hardcover",4.20
Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects,Bertrand Russell,"Dedicated as few men have been to the life of reason, Bertrand Russell has always been concerned with the basic questions to which religion also addresses itself -- questions about man's place in the universe and the nature of the good life, questions that involve life after death, morality, freedom, education, and sexual ethics. He brings to his treatment of these questions the same courage, scrupulous logic, and lofty wisdom for which his other work as philosopher, writer, and teacher has been famous. These qualities make the essays included in this book perhaps the most graceful and moving presentation of the freethinker's position since the days of Hume and Voltaire.  ""I am as firmly convinced that religions do harm as I am that they are untrue,"" Russell declares in his Preface, and his reasoned opposition to any system or dogma which he feels may shackle man's mind runs through all the essays in this book, whether they were written as early as 1899 or as late as 1954.  The book has been edited, with Lord Russell's full approval and cooperation, by Professor Paul Edwards of the Philosophy Department of New York University. In an Appendix, Professor Edwards contributes a full account of the highly controversial ""Bertrand Russell Case"" of 1940, in which Russell was judicially declared ""unfit"" to teach philosophy at the College of the City of New York.  Whether the reader shares or rejects Bertrand Russell's views, he will find this book an invigorating challenge to set notions, a masterly statement of a philosophical position, and a pure joy to read.Why I am not a Christian --Has religion made useful contributions to civilization? --What I believe --Do we survive death? --Seems, madam? Nay, it is --Free man's worship --On Catholic and Protestant skeptics --Life in the Middle Ages --Fate of Thomas Paine --Nice people --New generation --Our sexual ethics --Freedom and the colleges --Can religion cure our troubles? --Religion and morals --Appendix: How Bertrand Russell was prevented from teaching at the College of the City of New York","{'Atheism', 'Science', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Philosophy', 'Essays'}","266 pages, Paperback",4.01
A Tale of three Kings: A Study in Brokenness,Gene Edwards,"For the many Christians who have experienced pain, loss, and heartache at the hands of other believers, this compelling story offers comfort, healing, and hope. Christian leaders and directors of religious movements throughout the world have recommended this simple, powerful, and beautiful story to their members and staff. You will want to join the thousands who have been profoundly touched by this incomparable story.","{'Christian', 'Faith', 'Fiction', 'Christianity', 'Leadership', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","105 pages, Paperback",4.28
Just Like Jesus: Learning to Have a Heart Like His,Max Lucado,"Explains why the ultimate goal of every Christian should be to live a life like that of Jesus, offering advice on how to overcome negative habits and draw on faith and God's help in order to implement positive change.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Inspirational', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","240 pages, Hardcover",4.27
A Wrinkle in Time,Madeleine L'Engle,"It was a dark and stormy night.Out of this wild night, a strange visitor comes to the Murry house and beckons Meg, her brother Charles Wallace, and their friend Calvin O'Keefe on a most dangerous and extraordinary adventure—one that will threaten their lives and our universe.Winner of the 1963 Newbery Medal, A Wrinkle in Time is the first book in Madeleine L'Engle's classic Time Quintet.","{'Middle Grade', 'Science Fiction', 'Fantasy', 'Classics', 'Fiction', 'Childrens', 'Young Adult'}","218 pages, Paperback",3.98
A Chance to Die: The Life and Legacy of Amy Carmichael,Elisabeth Elliot,"A Chance to Die is a biography of Amy Carmichael, an Irish missionary and writer who spent fifty-three years in south India without furlough. There she became known as ''Amma,'' or ''mother,'' as she founded the Dohnavur Fellowship, a refuge for underprivileged children.","{'Biography', 'Biography Memoir', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","384 pages, Paperback",4.05
The Lamb's Supper: The Mass as Heaven on Earth,Scott Hahn,"As seen on EWTN, bestselling author Scott Hahn unveils the mysteries of the Mass, offering readers a deeper appreciation of the most familiar of Catholic rituals.

Of all things Catholic, there is nothing that is so familiar as the Mass. With its unchanging prayers, the Mass fits Catholics like their favorite clothes. Yet most Catholics sitting in the pews on Sundays fail to see the powerful supernatural drama that enfolds them. Pope John Paul II described the Mass as Heaven on Earth, explaining that what we celebrate on Earth is a mysterious participation in the heavenly liturgy.The Lamb's Supper reveals a long-lost secret of the Church: The early Christians' key to understanding the mysteries of the Mass was the New Testament Book of Revelation. With its bizarre imagery, its mystic visions of heaven, and its end-of-time prophecies, Revelation mirrors the sacrifice and celebration of the Eucharist.Beautifully written, in clear direct language, bestselling Catholic author Scott Hahn's new book will help readers see the Mass with new eyes, pray the liturgy with a renewed heart, and enter into the Mass more fully, enthusiastically, intelligently, and powerfully than ever before.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Catholic', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","174 pages, Hardcover",4.42
A Call to Spiritual Reformation: Priorities from Paul and His Prayers,D.A. Carson,Carson calls believers to revolt against superficiality and find again the deeper knowledge of God at Paul's school of prayer. Strong expositional study.,"{'Christian', 'Prayer', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","232 pages, Paperback",4.36
"Adorning the Dark: Thoughts on Community, Calling, and the Mystery of Making",Andrew       Peterson,"Making something beautiful in a broken world can be harrowing work, and it can’t be done alone.   Over the last twenty years, Andrew Peterson has performed thousands of concerts, published four novels, released ten albums, taught college and seminary classes on writing, founded a nonprofit ministry for Christians in the arts, and executive-produced a film—all in a belief that God calls us to proclaim the gospel and the coming kingdom using whatever gifts are at our disposal. He’s stumbled along the way, made mistake after mistake, and yet has continually encountered the grace of God through an encouraging family, a Christ-centered community of artists in the church, and the power of truth, beauty, and goodness in Scripture and the arts.   While there are many books about writing, none deal first-hand with the intersection of songwriting, storytelling, and vocation, along with nuts-and-bolts exploration of the great mystery of creativity. In Adorning the Dark, Andrew describes six principles for the writing life:  serving the workserving the audienceselectivitydiscernmentdisciplineand community  Through stories from his own journey, Andrew shows how these principles are not merely helpful for writers and artists, but for anyone interested in imitating way the Creator interacts with his creation.   This book is both a memoir of Andrew’s journey and a handbook for artists, written in the hope that his story will provide encouragement to others stumbling along in pursuit of a calling to adorn the dark with the light of Christ.  ","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Writing', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Memoir'}","224 pages, Paperback",4.51
Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners,John Bunyan,"Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners is one of the great classic autobiographies, part of the Christian tradition of testimony from The Confessions of St. Augustine to Corrie Ten Boom's The Hiding Place. In Grace Abounding, John Bunyan (1628?1688), the author of Pilgrim's Progress, describes his conviction of sin, his struggles against unbelief, his entrance into the meaning and comfort of the Holy Scriptures, and much more.","{'Biography', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Classics', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","88 pages, Paperback",4.21
God and the Gay Christian: The Biblical Case in Support of Same-Sex Relationships,Matthew Vines,"As a young Christian man, Matthew Vines harbored the same basic hopes of most young people: to some-day share his life with someone, to build a family of his own, to give and receive love. But when he realized he was gay, those hopes were called into question. The Bible, he’d been taught, condemned gay relationships. Feeling the tension between his understanding of the Bible and the reality of his same-sex orientation, Vines devoted years of intensive research into what the Bible says about homosexuality. With care and precision, Vines asked questions such as: • Do biblical teachings on the marriage covenant preclude same-sex marriage or not? • How should we apply the teachings of Jesus to the gay debate? • What does the story of Sodom and Gomorrah really say about human relationships? • Can celibacy be a calling when it is mandated, not chosen? • What did Paul have in mind when he warned against same-sex relations? Unique in its affirmation of both an orthodox faith and sexual diversity, God and the Gay Christian is likely to spark heated debate, sincere soul searching, even widespread cultural change. Not only is it a compelling interpretation of key biblical texts about same-sex relations, it is also the story of a young man navigating relationships with his family, his hometown church, and the Christian church at large as he expresses what it means to be a faithful gay Christian.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'LGBT', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","224 pages, Hardcover",4.02
"C. S. Lewis: A Life: Eccentric Genius, Reluctant Prophet",Alister E. McGrath,"Fifty years after his death, C. S. Lewis continues to inspire and fascinate millions. His legacy remains varied and vast. He was a towering intellectual figure, a popular fiction author who inspired a global movie franchise around the world of Narnia, and an atheist-turned-Christian thinker.In C.S. Lewis: A Life, Alister McGrath, prolific author and respected professor at King's College of London, paints a definitive portrait of the life of C. S. Lewis. After thoroughly examining recently published Lewis correspondence, Alister challenges some of the previously held beliefs about the exact timing of Lewis's shift from atheism to theism and then to Christianity. He paints a portrait of an eccentric thinker who became an inspiring, though reluctant, prophet for our times.You won't want to miss this fascinating portrait of a creative genius who inspired generations. (Tyndale House Publishers)","{'Biography', 'Biography Memoir', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'History', 'Christianity'}","448 pages, Hardcover",3.97
"Beautiful Outlaw: Experiencing the Playful, Disruptive, Extravagant Personality of Jesus",John Eldredge,"Reading the Gospels without knowing the personality of Jesus is like watching television with the sound turned off. The result is a dry, two dimensional person doing strange, undecipherable things. In BEAUTIFUL OUTLAW, John Eldredge removes the religious varnish to help readers discover stunning new insights into the humanity of Jesus. He was accused of breaking the law, keeping bad company, heavy drinking. Of being the devil himself. He was so compelling and dangerous they had to kill him. But others loved him passionately. He had a sense of humor. His generosity was scandalous. His anger made enemies tremble. He'd say the most outrageous things. He was definitely not the Jesus of the stained glass. In the author's winsome, narrative approach, he breaks Jesus out of the typical stereotypes, just as he set masculinity free in his book, Wild at Heart. By uncovering the real Jesus, readers are welcomed into the rich emotional life of Christ. All of the remarkable","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","240 pages, Hardcover",4.25
Lies Women Believe: And the Truth that Sets Them Free,Nancy Leigh DeMoss,"Counter the lies that keep you from abundant living.Satan is the master deceiver and his lies are endless. And the lies Christian women believe are at the root of most of their struggles. ""Many women live under a cloud of personal guilt and condemnation,"" says Nancy DeMoss Wolgemuth. ""Many are in bondage to their past. Others are gripped by fear of rejection and a longing for approval. Still others are emotional prisoners."" In best selling Lies Women Believe, Nancy exposes those areas of deception most commonly believed by Christian women—lies about God, sin, priorities, marriage and family, emotions, and more. She then sheds light on how we can be delivered from bondage and set free to walk in God's grace, forgiveness, and abundant life. Nancy offers the most effective weapon to ounter and overcome Satan's deceptions: God's truth!","{'Womens', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian Non Fiction', 'Christian Living'}","320 pages, Hardcover",4.09
Apollyon,Tim LaHaye,"A New York Times BestsellerThis is the fifth volume in the Left Behind series of novels based on New Testament prophecies about the end of life on Earth. In this book, the world has been visited by a plague of demon locusts that attack anyone without the seal of God etched on their foreheads. Internet communication is becoming the primary means of maintaining unity within the underground resistance movement of believers. New global warfare threatens a third of the world's population. And the Tribulation Force members deal with personal crises, including pregnancies and lost family members.","{'Thriller', 'Christian', 'Fantasy', 'Religion', 'Fiction', 'Christian Fiction', 'Christianity'}","480 pages, Hardcover",3.99
"Telling the Truth: The Gospel as Tragedy, Comedy, and Fairy Tale",Frederick Buechner,"A fresh, creative look at the underlying meaning of the Gospels that stresses the many dimensions of God's relationship to humanity.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","112 pages, Hardcover",4.33
The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism,Max Weber,"The Protestant ethic — a moral code stressing hard work, rigorous self-discipline, and the organization of one's life in the service of God — was made famous by sociologist and political economist Max Weber. In this brilliant study (his best-known and most controversial), he opposes the Marxist concept of dialectical materialism and its view that change takes place through ""the struggle of opposites."" Instead, he relates the rise of a capitalist economy to the Puritan determination to work out anxiety over salvation or damnation by performing good deeds — an effort that ultimately discouraged belief in predestination and encouraged capitalism. Weber's classic study has long been required reading in college and advanced high school social studies classrooms.","{'Nonfiction', 'Economics', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Sociology', 'History', 'Politics'}","320 pages, Paperback",3.91
"Is God anti-gay?: And other questions about homosexuality, the Bible and same-sex attraction",Sam Allberry,"It's the hot topic of the moment. Christians, the church and the Bible seem to be out of step with modern attitudes towards homosexuality. And there is growing hostility towards those who hold a different view. So is God homophobic? And what do we say, and how do we relate to to both Christians and non Christians who experience same-sex attraction.In this short, simple book, Sam Allberry wants to help confused Christians understand what God has said about these questions in the scriptures, and offers a positive and liberating way forward through the debate.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Sexuality'}","88 pages, Paperback",4.30
The God Delusion,Richard Dawkins,"A preeminent scientist - and the world's most prominent atheist - asserts the irrationality of belief in God, and the grievous harm religion has inflicted on society, from the Crusades to 9/11.With rigor and wit, Dawkins examines God in all his forms, from the sex-obsessed tyrant of the Old Testament, to the more benign (but still illogical) Celestial Watchmaker favored by some Enlightenment thinkers. He eviscerates the major arguments for religion, and demonstrates the supreme improbability of a supreme being. He shows how religion fuels war, foments bigotry, and abuses children, buttressing his points with historical and contemporary evidence.The God Delusion makes a compelling case that belief in God is not just wrong, but potentially deadly. It also offers exhilarating insight into the advantages of atheism to the individual and society, not the least of which is a clearer, truer appreciation of the universe's wonders than any faith could ever muster.","{'Atheism', 'Science', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Psychology', 'Spirituality'}","374 pages, Hardcover",3.90
Introverts in the Church: Finding Our Place in an Extroverted Culture,Adam S. McHugh,"Introverts are called and gifted by God. But many churches tend to be extroverted places where introverts are marginalized. Some Christians end up feeling like it's not as faithful to be an introvert. Adam McHugh shows how introverts can live and minister in ways consistent with their personalities. He explains how introverts and extroverts process information and approach relationships differently and how introverts can practice Christian spirituality in ways that fit who they are. With practical illustrations from church and parachurch contexts, McHugh offers ways for introverts to serve, lead, worship and even evangelize effectively. Introverts in the Church is essential reading for any introvert who has ever felt out of place, as well as for church leaders who want to make their churches more welcoming to introverts. Discover God's call and empowering to thrive as an introvert, for the sake of the church and kingdom.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Psychology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","222 pages, Paperback",3.98
Waking the Dead: The Glory of a Heart Fully Alive,John Eldredge,"There is a glory to life that most people-including believers-never see. In this insightful new book, John Eldredge presents the heart as central to life. Not only is the heart essential; the heart God has ransomed is also good. Building on these foundational truths, Eldredge shows readers why real Christianity is a process of restoration, where the broken parts of our hearts are mended and the captive parts are set free.Waking the Dead leads listeners to understand how to live from the heart, care for their heart like the treasures of the kingdom, and give from fullness instead of emptiness. This message also shows how living from the heart can energize people to love God and others in a way they've never experienced, revealing to them life's purpose: fighting for the hearts of others.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","224 pages, Hardcover",4.13
Angels & Demons,Dan Brown,"World-renowned Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is summoned to a Swiss research facility to analyze a cryptic symbol seared into the chest of a murdered physicist. What he discovers is unimaginable: a deadly vendetta against the Catholic Church by a centuries-old underground organization -- the Illuminati. In a desperate race to save the Vatican from a powerful time bomb, Langdon joins forces in Rome with the beautiful and mysterious scientist Vittoria Vetra. Together they embark on a frantic hunt through sealed crypts, dangerous catacombs, and deserted cathedrals, and into the depths of the most secretive vault on earth...the long-forgotten Illuminati lair.(back cover)","{'Thriller', 'Mystery', 'Mystery Thriller', 'Adventure', 'Fiction', 'Crime', 'Suspense'}","736 pages, Mass Market Paperback",3.93
Shadow of the Almighty: The Life and Testament of Jim Elliot,Elisabeth Elliot,"Shadow of the Almighty is a modern classic story of faithfulness, obedience, and martyrdom. It is the best-selling account of the martyrdom of Jim Elliot and four other missionaries at the hands of the Huaorani Indians in Ecuador.Shadow of the Almighty has inspired Christians since its first publication in 1958. Elisabeth Elliot makes full use of Jim's revealing diaries to fill in the details of a life completely committed to God's service.This story was reintroduced to today's audiences in 2006 thanks to the release of the film, End of the Spear, which tells for the first time the killings from the perspective of the Huaorani.","{'Biography', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","256 pages, Paperback",4.20
A Theology of Liberation,Gustavo Gutiérrez,"This is the credo and seminal text of the movement which was later characterized as liberation theology. The book burst upon the scene in the early seventies, and was swiftly acknowledged as a pioneering and prophetic approach to theology which famously made an option for the poor, placing the exploited, the alienated, and the economically wretched at the centre of a programme where ""the oppressed and maimed and blind and lame"" were prioritized at the expense of those who either maintained the status quo or who abused the structures of power for their own ends. This powerful, compassionate and radical book attracted criticism for daring to mix politics and religion in so explicit a manner, but was also welcomed by those who had the capacity to see that its agenda was nothing more nor less than to give ""good news to the poor"", and redeem God's people from bondage.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Politics', 'Christianity'}","334 pages, Paperback",4.16
Love Your God with All Your Mind: The Role of Reason in the Life of the Soul,J.P. Moreland,"Author J. P. Moreland presents a logical case for the role of the mind in spiritual transformation, challenging us to develop a Christian mind and to use our intellect to further God’s kingdom through• evangelism• apologetics• worship• vocationLove Your God with All Your Mind explores theology, doctrine, and spiritual growth.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","249 pages, Paperback",4.24
The Indwelling,Tim LaHaye,"Nicolae Carpathia is dead. But who killed the Antichrist? The answer may surprise you. Book seven in the best-selling Left Behind series marks the beginning of the second half of the seven-year Tribulation period. In dramatic fashion, readers are exposed to the horrors of God's judgment and the hope of salvation. Rayford, Buck, Chloe, and the rest of the Tribulation Force find themselves at the center of heart-stopping action. Number one on the ""New York Times"" Best Sellers List for four weeks.","{'Thriller', 'Christian', 'Fantasy', 'Religion', 'Fiction', 'Christian Fiction', 'Christianity'}","389 pages, Paperback",3.99
Holiness,J.C. Ryle,"Ryle calls us to live a life set apart from the world and set our minds on things above.Bishop J.C. Ryle served the Lord in ministry in the Church of England for almost the entire length of the Victorian Age. Although Ryle was committed to all forms of evangelism, his heart beat strongest for mass evangelism in the cities. Much of his immediate influence on Victorian evangelism stemmed from his prolific number of tracts. Several million copies of his more than 200 different tracts were distributed in a variety of languages throughout the Land.Bishop Ryle's desire, and his answer to the issues of his day, was the pursuit of personal revival of Scriptural holiness. This holds just as true for today, as it was in his time.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Classics', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","59 pages, Paperback",4.32
Contemplative Prayer,Thomas Merton,"In this classic text, Thomas Merton offers valuable guidance for prayer. He brings together a wealth of meditative and mystical influencesâ€“from John of the Cross to Eastern desert monasticismâ€“to create a spiritual path for today. Most important, he shows how the peace contacted through meditation should not be sought in order to evade the problems of contemporary life, but can instead be directed back out into the world to affect positive change.Contemplative Prayer is one of the most well-known works of spirituality of the last one hundred years, and it is a must-read for all seeking to live a life of purpose in todayâ€s world.In a moving and profound introduction, Thich Nhat Hanh offers his personal recollections of Merton and compares the contemplative traditions of East and West.","{'Christian', 'Prayer', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","144 pages, Paperback",4.09
The Road Back to You: An Enneagram Journey to Self-Discovery,Ian Morgan Cron,"Ignorance is bliss except in self-awareness...What you don't know about yourself can hurt you and your relationships―and even keep you in the shallows with God. Do you want help figuring out who you are and why you're stuck in the same ruts? The Enneagram is an ancient personality typing system with an uncanny accuracy in describing how human beings are wired, both positively and negatively. In The Road Back to You Ian Morgan Cron and Suzanne Stabile forge a unique approach―a practical, comprehensive way of accessing Enneagram wisdom and exploring its connections with Christian spirituality for a deeper knowledge of ourselves, compassion for others, and love for God. Witty and filled with stories, this book allows you to peek inside each of the nine Enneagram types, keeping you turning the pages long after you have read the chapter about your own number. Not only will you learn more about yourself, but you will also start to see the world through other people's eyes, understanding how and why people think, feel, and act the way they do. Beginning with changes you can start making today, the wisdom of the Enneagram can help take you further along into who you really are―leading you into places of spiritual discovery you would never have found on your own, and paving the way to the wiser, more compassionate person you want to become.","{'Self Help', 'Christian', 'Audiobook', 'Nonfiction', 'Personal Development', 'Psychology', 'Spirituality'}","238 pages, Hardcover",4.21
Spiritual Depression: Its Causes and Its Cure,D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones,"This enduring collection of twenty-one sermons by D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones, each originally delivered at Westminster Chapel in London, carefully and compassionately analyzes an undeniable feature of modern society from which Christians have not escaped -- spiritual depression.""Christian people,"" writes Lloyd-Jones, ""too often seem to be perpetually in the doldrums and too often give this appearance of unhappiness and of lack of freedom and absence of joy. There is no question at all but that this is the main reason why large numbers of people have ceased to be interested in Christianity.""Believing the Christian joy was one of the most potent factors in the spread of Christianity in the early centuries, Lloyd-Jones not only lays bare the causes that have robbed many Christians of spiritual vitality but also points the way to the cure that is found through the mind and spirit of Christ.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Counselling'}","300 pages, Paperback",4.40
A New Kind of Christianity: Ten Questions That Are Transforming the Faith,Brian D. McLaren,"“Some books provide us with information about the world, but every once in a while a book appears that enables us to imagine new, more wonderful worlds. [ A New Kind of Christianity ] is one of these.” —Peter Rollins, Ikon A New Kind of Christianity is Brian D. McLaren’s much anticipated follow-up to his breakthrough work of the emergent-church movement, A New Kind of Christian . Named by Time magazine as one of America’s top 25 evangelicals, McLaren, along with such contemporaries as N.T. Wright, Jim Wallis, and Rob Bell, is one of the acknowledged leaders of a new generation of Christians who want to update their faith for current times while remaining true to the core message of Jesus. In this controversial and thought-provoking book, McLaren explores the questions that will determine the shape of Christianity for the next 500 years.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","320 pages, Hardcover",3.98
In the Grip of Grace: You Can't Fall Beyond His Love,Max Lucado,"Get caught! Life is full of fumbles and stumbles. Fraught with opportunities to make mistakes, occasions to feel guilty, and the drive to ""do it yourself."" The pressure to be self-sufficient is high, but it isn't the life God offers. The way of the world will direct you to try harder and work smarter so that you can take care of yourself and even make yourself successful. But the way of the cross will point toward the place where you stop striving ... stop pushing ... stop every self-initiated effort -- so that you can fall into the boundless, liberating, refreshing grace of God! Just imagine being love-driven instead of self-propelled. Imagine abandoning your life to Jesus instead of trying to save yourself. Can you imagine exchanging your fears for that peace that passes understanding? Being relaxed and free instead of stressed-out and anxious? If you can imagine enjoying God instead of trying to repay him, then you can imagine grace. So go ahead! Jump off the cliff of self-sufficiency. Leap out of legalism. Walk off the pier of guilt and condemnation. That's the only way you'll land in the strong arms of the Father who loves you ... the Father who catches you -- every time -- in the grip of his grace.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Spirituality'}","235 pages, Hardcover",4.27
The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare,G.K. Chesterton,"G. K. Chesterton's surreal masterpiece is a psychological thriller that centers on seven anarchists in turn-of-the-century London who call themselves by the names of the days of the week. Chesterton explores the meanings of their disguised identities in what is a fascinating mystery and, ultimately, a spellbinding allegory.As Jonathan Lethem remarks in his Introduction, The real characters are the ideas. Chesterton's nutty agenda is really quite simple: to expose moral relativism and parlor nihilism for the devils he believes them to be. This wouldn't be interesting at all, though, if he didn't also show such passion for giving the devil his due. He animates the forces of chaos and anarchy with every ounce of imaginative verve and rhetorical force in his body.","{'Mystery', 'Literature', 'Fantasy', 'Classics', 'Philosophy', 'Novels', 'Fiction'}","182 pages, Paperback",3.83
Out of Egypt,Anne Rice,"With the Holy Land in turmoil, seven-year-old Jesus and his family leave Egypt for the dangerous road home to Jerusalem. As they travel, the boy tries to unlock the secret of his birth and comprehend his terrifying power to work miracles. Anne Rice's dazzling, kaleidoscopic novel, based on the gospels and the most respected New Testament scholarship, summons up the voice, the presence, and the words of Jesus, allowing him to tell his own story as he struggles to grasp the holy purpose of his life.INCLUDES A NEW INTRODUCTION AND A NOTE FROM THE AUTHOR","{'Christian', 'Historical', 'Religion', 'Historical Fiction', 'Fiction', 'Christian Fiction', 'Christianity'}","350 pages, Mass Market Paperback",3.60
"The Sacred Search: What If It's Not about Who You Marry, But Why?",Gary L. Thomas,"What if you stopped looking for a “soul mate” and started looking for a “sole mate”—someone who will live out with you the great purpose of God?  What if dating isn’t about finding “the one” but making a wise choice so you can better serve the One who loves you most? What if God didn’t design relationships to make you happy but to make you holy? In The Sacred Search, Gary Thomas will transform the way you look at romantic relationships. Whether you are single, dating, or engaged, Gary’s unique perspective on dating will prepare you for a satisfying, spiritually enriching marriage even before you walk down the aisle. As Gary reminds us, a good marriage is not something you find—it’s something you make.","{'Christian', 'Relationships', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living', 'Marriage'}","256 pages, Paperback",4.29
The Insanity of God: A True Story of Faith Resurrected,Nik Ripken,"The Insanity of God is the personal and lifelong journey of an ordinary couple from rural Kentucky who thought they were going on just your ordinary missionary pilgrimage, but discovered it would be anything but. After spending over six hard years doing relief work in Somalia, and experiencing life where it looked like God had turned away completely and He was clueless about the tragedies of life, the couple had a crisis of faith and left Africa asking God, ""Does the gospel work anywhere when it is really a hard place?  It sure didn't work in Somalia.Nik recalls that, “God had always been so real to me, to Ruth, and to our boys. But was He enough, for the utter weariness of soul I experienced at that time, in that place, under those circumstances?” It is a question that many have asked and one that, if answered, can lead us to a whole new world of faith.How does faith survive, let alone flourish in a place like the Middle East? How can good truly overcome such evil? How do you maintain hope when all is darkness around you? How can we say “greater is He that is in me than he that is in the world” when it may not be visibly true in that place at that time? How does anyone live an abundant, victorious Christian life in our world’s toughest places? Can Christianity even work outside of Western, dressed-up, ordered nations? If so, how?The Insanity of God tells a story—a remarkable and unique story to be sure, yet at heart a very human story—of the Ripkens’ own spiritual and emotional odyssey. The gripping, narrative account of a personal pilgrimage into some of the toughest places on earth, combined with sobering and insightful stories of the remarkable people of faith Nik and Ruth encountered on their journeys, will serve as a powerful course of revelation, growth, and challenge for anyone who wants to know whether God truly is enough.Discover more inspirational books in the ","{'Biography', 'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian Living'}","322 pages, Paperback",4.52
Seven Days That Divide The World: The Beginning According To Genesis & Science,John C. Lennox,"What did the writer of Genesis mean by the first day ? Is it a literal week or a series of time periods? If I believe that the earth is 4.5 billion years old, am I denying the authority of Scripture? In response to the continuing controversy over the interpretation of the creation narrative in Genesis, John Lennox proposes a succinct method of reading and interpreting the first chapters of Genesis without discounting either science or Scripture. With examples from history, a brief but thorough exploration of the major interpretations, and a look into the particular significance of the creation of human beings, Lennox suggests that Christians can heed modern scientific knowledge while staying faithful to the biblical narrative. He moves beyond a simple response to the controversy, insisting that Genesis teaches us far more about the God of Jesus Christ and about God s intention for creation than it does about the age of the earth. With this book, Lennox offers a careful yet accessible introduction to a scientifically-savvy, theologically-astute, and Scripturally faithful interpretation of Genesis.","{'Christian', 'Science', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","192 pages, Paperback",4.13
The Life of Moses,Gregory of Nyssa,"Here is an award-winning, new translation that brings to light Gregory's complex identity as an early mystic. Gregory (c. 332-395) was one of the Greek Cappadocian Fathers, along with St. Basil the Great and St. Gregory Nazianzen. †","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Philosophy', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality'}","224 pages, Paperback",4.25
"Jesus of Nazareth, Part Two: Holy Week: From the Entrance into Jerusalem to the Resurrection",Pope Benedict XVI,"For Christians, Jesus of Nazareth is the Son of God, who died for the sins of the world, and who rose from the dead in triumph over sin and death. For non-Christians, he is almost anything else-a myth, a political revolutionary, a prophet whose teaching was misunderstood or distorted by his followers. Jesus of Nazareth is the Son of God, and no myth, revolutionary, or misunderstood prophet, insists Benedict XVI. He thinks that the best of historical scholarship, while it can't ""prove"" Jesus is the Son of God, certainly doesn't disprove it. Indeed, Benedict maintains that the evidence, fairly considered, brings us face-to-face with the challenge of Jesus-a real man who taught and acted in ways that were tantamount to claims of divine authority, claims not easily dismissed as lunacy or deception.Benedict XVI presents this challenge in his new book, Jesus of Nazareth: From His Transfiguration Through His Death and Resurrection, the sequel volume to Jesus of Nazareth: From the Baptism in the Jordan to the Transfiguration.Why was Jesus rejected by the religious leaders of his day? Who was responsible for his death? Did he establish a Church to carry on his work? How did Jesus view his suffering and death? How should we? And, most importantly, did Jesus really rise from the dead and what does his resurrection mean? The story of Jesus raises these and other crucial questions.Benedict brings to his study the vast learning of a brilliant scholar, the passionate searching of a great mind, and the deep compassion of a pastor's heart. In the end, he dares readers to grapple with the meaning of Jesus' life, teaching, death, and resurrection. Jesus of Nazareth: From His Transfiguration Through His Death and Resurrection challenges both believers and unbelievers to decide who Jesus of Nazareth is and what he means for them.","{'Christian', 'Nonfiction', 'Religion', 'Catholic', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity'}","384 pages, Hardcover",4.60
"Jesus of Nazareth, Part Two: Holy Week: From the Entrance into Jerusalem to the Resurrection",Pope Benedict XVI,"For Christians, Jesus of Nazareth is the Son of God, who died for the sins of the world, and who rose from the dead in triumph over sin and death. For non-Christians, he is almost anything else-a myth, a political revolutionary, a prophet whose teaching was misunderstood or distorted by his followers. Jesus of Nazareth is the Son of God, and no myth, revolutionary, or misunderstood prophet, insists Benedict XVI. He thinks that the best of historical scholarship, while it can't ""prove"" Jesus is the Son of God, certainly doesn't disprove it. Indeed, Benedict maintains that the evidence, fairly considered, brings us face-to-face with the challenge of Jesus-a real man who taught and acted in ways that were tantamount to claims of divine authority, claims not easily dismissed as lunacy or deception.Benedict XVI presents this challenge in his new book, Jesus of Nazareth: From His Transfiguration Through His Death and Resurrection, the sequel volume to Jesus of Nazareth: From the Baptism in the Jordan to the Transfiguration.Why was Jesus rejected by the religious leaders of his day? Who was responsible for his death? Did he establish a Church to carry on his work? How did Jesus view his suffering and death? How should we? And, most importantly, did Jesus really rise from the dead and what does his resurrection mean? The story of Jesus raises these and other crucial questions.Benedict brings to his study the vast learning of a brilliant scholar, the passionate searching of a great mind, and the deep compassion of a pastor's heart. In the end, he dares readers to grapple with the meaning of Jesus' life, teaching, death, and resurrection. Jesus of Nazareth: From His Transfiguration Through His Death and Resurrection challenges both believers and unbelievers to decide who Jesus of Nazareth is and what he means for them.","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Catholic', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","384 pages, Hardcover",4.60
Cold Tangerines: Celebrating the Extraordinary Nature of Everyday Life,Shauna Niequist,"Cold Tangerines is a collection of stories that celebrate the extraordinary moments hidden in our everyday lives. It is about God, and about life, and about the thousands of daily ways in which an awareness of God changes and infuses everything. It is about spiritual life, and about all the things that we have called nonspiritual life that might be spiritual after all. It is the snapshots of a young woman making peace with herself and her life, and trying to craft a life that captures the energy and exuberance we long for in the midst of the fear and regret and envy we all carry with us. It is both a voice of challenge and song of comfort, calling us upward to the best possible life, and giving us room to breathe, to rest, to break down and break through. Cold Tangerines offers bright and varied glimpses of hope and redemption, in and among the heartbreak And boredom and broken glass.","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Spirituality', 'Memoir', 'Christian'}","238 pages, Hardcover",4.08
C.S. Lewis Signature Classics,C.S. Lewis,"A beautiful compilation of inspirational writings, featuring six classic works in one box Mere ChristianityThe Screwtape LettersA Grief ObservedThe Problem of PainMiraclesThe Great Divorce C. S. Lewis's works continue to attract thousands of new readers every year, appealing to those seeking wisdom and calm in a hectic and ever-changing world. Each volume is written with the lucidity, warmth, and wit that has made Lewis revered as a writer the world over. From The Problem of Pain —a wise and compassionate exploration of suffering—to the darkly satirical The Screwtape Letters , Lewis is unrivalled in his ability to disentangle the questions of life. His writings offer hope, wisdom, and a true understanding of human nature.","{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Classics', 'Religion', 'Christian'}",Paperback,4.43
Waiting for God,Simone Weil,"""My dear father, I have made up my mind to write to you....I have been wondering lately about the will of God, what it means, and how we can reach the point of conforming ourselves to it completely I will tell you what I think about this."" SIMONE WEIL, LETTER I, WAITING FOR GODEmerging from the thought-provoking discussions and correspondence Simone Weil had with the Reverend Father Perrin, this classic collection of essays contains the renowned philosopher and social activist's most profound meditations on the relationship of human life to the realm of the transcendent. An enduring masterwork and ""one of the most neglected resources of our century"" (Adrienne Rich), Waiting for God will continue to influence spiritual and political thought for centuries to come.""Simone Weil has become a legend, and her writings are regarded as a classic document of our period."" THE NEW YORKER""Her example, her achievements, her frustrations, her intellectual or moral or religious impasses, and her failures, self-described or apparent to us from hindsight, all can serve to focus the mind, enlarge the heart, and stir the soul."" ROBERT COLES","{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Essays'}","192 pages, Paperback",4.17
The Courage to Be,Paul Tillich,Paul Tillich describes the dilemma of modern man and points a way to the conquest of the problem of anxiety. This edition includes a new introduction reflecting on the impact of the book since it was written.,"{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Psychology', 'Philosophy', 'Spirituality', 'Religion'}","200 pages, Paperback",4.09
Tramp for the Lord,Corrie ten Boom,"For the past twenty years Corrie ten Boom has crisscrossed the globe, slept in more than a thousand different beds, and lived out of suitcases...all to fulfill her God-given mission to tell people everywhere that Jesus Christ is reality, that He Lives, that He is Victor.This remarkable woman of eighty-one years served time in a German concentration camp during World War II for the ""crime"" of hiding persecuted Jews and survived to tell the story in her best selling book, The Hiding Place. Her brush with death lent a new meaning to her life. In her own words: ""My life had been given back as a gift...for a purpose.""After her release from the concentration camp, Corrie ten Boom set out to become what she calls a ""tramp for the Lord,"" traveling around the world at the direction of God, proclaiming His message everywhere. And through her lifelong experiences, she has learned a few lessons in God's great classroom which she shares with the readers of Tramp For the Lord.So deeply has she touched the hearts of men and women during her years of ministry that she is known as the venerable ""Double-old Grandmother"" and ""Tante"" Corrie to them. And she , in turn, has been touched and taught by them.Let her introduce you to...-her former prison guard who asks her for forgiveness...a forgiveness that come hard and with much pain...-the war-crippled lawyer with a soul that was as twisted and deformed as his limbs...-an African who truly followed Christ's exhortation to forgive your neighbor seventy times seven (Matt. 18:22)...-the travel agent who learned that her ultimate destination could not be found on any map...-a missionary mother whose unwanted babe ended up saving her life...All these touchingly human vignettes from her life and travels are intertwined with the unique teaching trouch that has sustained Corrie throughout her days.","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'History', 'Biography', 'Christianity', 'Memoir', 'Christian'}","192 pages, Mass Market Paperback",4.48
The Power and the Glory,Graham Greene,"In a poor, remote section of southern Mexico, the paramilitary group, the Red Shirts have taken control. God has been outlawed, and the priests have been systematically hunted down and killed. Now, the last priest is on the run. Too human for heroism, too humble for martyrdom, the nameless little worldly ""whiskey priest"" is nevertheless impelled toward his squalid Calvary as much by his own compassion for humanity as by the efforts of his pursuers. In his introduction, John Updike calls The Power and the Glory, ""Graham Greene's masterpiece…. The energy and grandeur of his finest novel derive from the will toward compassion, an ideal communism even more Christian than Communist.""","{'Novels', 'Historical Fiction', 'British Literature', 'Fiction', 'Literature', 'Classics', 'Religion'}","222 pages, Paperback",3.98
Assassins,Tim LaHaye,"After selling nearly two million copies since its release in August 1999, ""Assassins"" in now availabe in trade paper! The seven-year Tribulation reaches its halfway mark in the sixth book of the blockbuster Left Behind series, ""Assassins."" Nicolae Carpathia is assassinated, setting the stage for the Great Tribulation.","{'Thriller', 'Fantasy', 'Christianity', 'Fiction', 'Christian Fiction', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","448 pages, Paperback",4.00
God's Big Picture: Tracing the Storyline of the Bible,Vaughan Roberts,"Sixty-six books written by forty people over nearly 2,000 years, in two languages and several different genres. A worldwide bestseller published in countless sizes and bindings, translations and languages. Sworn by in court, fought over by religious people, quoted in arguments. The Bible is clearly no ordinary book. How can you begin to read and understand it as a whole? In this excellent overview, Vaughan Roberts gives you the big picture—showing how the different parts of the Bible fit together under the theme of the kingdom of God. He provides both the encouragement and the tools to help you read the Bible with confidence and understanding. And he points you to the Bible's supreme subject, Jesus Christ, and the salvation God offers through him.","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christian Non Fiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","160 pages, Paperback",4.04
The Joyful Christian,C.S. Lewis,"These are 127 devotional readings, selected from Lewis's many works on faith and spirituality. Christians everywhere can share in the joy of this master theologian as he discusses topics ranging from the nature of prayer and good works to psychoanalysis and facism.","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","239 pages, Paperback",4.05
Twelve Ordinary Men: How the Master Shaped His Disciples for Greatness and What He Wants to Do With You,John F. MacArthur Jr.,"Contrary to popular belief, we do not have to be perfect to do God's work. Look no further than the twelve disciples whose many weaknesses are forever preserved throughout the pages of the New Testament. Jesus chose ordinary men - fisherman, tax collectors, political zealots - and turned their weakness into strength, producing greatness from utter uselessness. MacArthur draws principles from Christ's careful, hands-on training of the original twelve disciples for today's modern disciple - you.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","240 pages, Hardcover",4.17
Amazing Grace: A Vocabulary of Faith,Kathleen Norris,"Struggling with her return to the Christian church after many years away, Kathleen Norris found it was the language of Christianity that most distanced her from faith. Words like ""judgment,"" ""faith,"" ""dogma,"" ""salvation,"" ""sinner""—even ""Christ""—formed what she called her ""scary vocabulary,"" words that had become so codified or abstract that their meanings were all but impenetrable. She found she had to wrestle with them and make them her own before they could confer their blessings and their grace. Blending history, theology, storytelling, etymology, and memoir, Norris uses these words as a starting point for reflection, and offers a moving account of her own gradual conversion. She evokes a rich spirituality rooted firmly in the chaos of everyday life—and offers believers and doubters alike an illuminating perspective on how we can embrace ancient traditions and find faith in the contemporary world.","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Memoir', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","384 pages, Paperback",4.07
The Politics of Jesus,John Howard Yoder,"Tradition has painted a portrait of a Savior who stands aloof from governmental concerns and who calls his disciples to an apolitical life. But such a picture of Jesus is far from accurate, according to John Howard Yoder. This watershed work in New Testament ethics leads us to a Savior who was deeply concerned with the agenda of politics and the related issues of power, status, and right relations. By canvassing Luke's Gospel, Yoder argues convincingly that the true impact of Jesus' life and ministry on his disciples' social behavior points to a specific kind of Christian pacifism in which ""the cross of Christ is the model of Christian social efficacy."" This second edition of The Politics of Jesus provides up-to-date interaction with recent publications that touch on Yoder's timely topic. Following most of the chapters are new ""epilogues"" summarizing research conducted during the last two decades - research that continues to support the outstanding insights set forth in Yoder's original work.","{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Politics', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","257 pages, Paperback",4.05
Abandonment to Divine Providence,Jean-Pierre de Caussade,"French writer JEAN PIERRE DE CAUSSADE (1675-1751) believed that the present moment is holy and that people should abandon themselves to present, a stance that is it stark contrast to the Catholic focus on the future and life after death. For de Caussade, living in the moment meant having a complete trust and faith in God, for God's will defined and guided all things. The practical advice contained in his guidebook for the faithful was originally a series of letters written for the Nuns of the Visitation of Nancy, meant to help them navigate the confusing and difficult work of spiritual enlightenment, and comes together here in two distinct parts, one for the theoretical foundations of abandoning oneself to the present moment and one with practical advice on how to live such a life. Though a departure from the standard Christian perspective, Abandonment to Divine Providence remains a deeply spiritual work with a message that many Christians may find freeing and inspiring.","{'Faith', 'Theology', 'Catholic', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","404 pages, Paperback",4.19
Jesus and the Jewish Roots of the Eucharist: Unlocking the Secrets of the Last Supper,Brant Pitre,"A revelatory exploration of the Jewish roots of the Last Supper that seeks to understand exactly what happened at Jesus’ final Passover. “Clear, profound and practical—you do not want to miss this book.”—Dr. Scott Hahn, author of  The Lamb’s Supper and The Fourth Cup  Jesus and the Jewish Roots of the Eucharist  shines fresh light on the Last Supper by looking at it through Jewish eyes. Using his in-depth knowledge of the Bible and ancient Judaism, Dr. Brant Pitre answers questions such What was the Passover like at the time of Jesus? What were the Jewish hopes for the Messiah? What was Jesus’ purpose in instituting the Eucharist during the feast of Passover? And, most important of all, what did Jesus mean when he said, “This is my body… This is my blood”?To answer these questions, Pitre explores ancient Jewish beliefs about the Passover of the Messiah, the miraculous Manna from heaven, and the mysterious Bread of the Presence. As he shows, these three keys—the Passover, the Manna, and the Bread of the Presence—have the power to unlock the original meaning of the Eucharistic words of Jesus. Along the way, Pitre also explains how Jesus united the Last Supper to his death on Good Friday and his Resurrection on Easter Sunday.Inspiring and informative, Jesus and the Jewish Roots of the Eucharist is a groundbreaking work that is sure to illuminate one of the greatest mysteries of the Christian the mystery of Jesus’ presence in “the breaking of the bread.”","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'History', 'Theology', 'Catholic', 'Christianity', 'Religion'}","240 pages, Hardcover",4.60
The Historical Jesus: The Life of a Mediterranean Jewish Peasant,John Dominic Crossan,"""He comes as yet unknown into a hamlet of Lower Galilee. He is watched by the cold, hard eyes of peasants living long enough at a subsistence level to know exactly where the line is drawn between poverty and destitution. He looks like a beggar yet his eyes lack the proper cringe, his voice the proper whine, his walk the proper shuffle. He speaks about the rule of God and they listen as much from curiosity as anything else. They know all about rule and power, about kingdom and empire, but they know it in terms of tax and debt, malnutrition and sickness, agrarian oppression and demonic possession. What, they really want to know, can this kingdom of God do for a lame child, a blind parent, a demented soul screaming its tortured isolation among the graves that mark the edges of the village?""–– from ""The Gospel of Jesus,"" overture to The Historical Jesus The Historical Jesus reveals the true Jesus––who he was, what he did, what he said. It opens with ""The Gospel of Jesus,"" Crossan's studied determination of Jesus' actual words and actions stripped of any subsequent additions and placed in a capsule account of his life story. The Jesus who emerges is a savvy and courageous Jewish Mediterranean peasant, a radical social revolutionary, with a rhapsodic vision of economic, political, and religious egalitarianism and a social program for creating it.The conventional wisdom of critical historical scholarship has long held that too little is known about the historical Jesus to say definitively much more than that he lived and had a tremendous impact on his followers. ""There were always historians who said it could not be done because of historical problems,"" writes Crossan. ""There were always theologians who said it should not be done because of theological objections. And there were always scholars who said the former when they meant the latter.'With this ground–breaking work, John Dominic Crossan emphatically sweeps these notions aside. He demonstrates that Jesus is actually one of the best documented figures in ancient history; the challenge is the complexity of the sources. The vivid portrayal of Jesus that emerges from Crossan's unique methodology combines the complementary disciplines of social anthropology, Greco–Roman history, and the literary analysis of specific pronouncements, anecdotes, confessions and interpretations involving Jesus. All three levels cooperate equally and fully in an effective synthesis that provides the most definitive presentation of the historical Jesus yet attained.","{'Nonfiction', 'History', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Biography', 'Spirituality', 'Religion'}","544 pages, Paperback",4.06
Praying God's Word: Breaking Free From Spiritual Strongholds,Beth Moore,"How do Christians learn to practice 2 Corinthians 10: 3-5, ""tearing down strongholds by captivating our minds with the knowledge of God?"" Beth Moore teaches that to be set free from each and every stronghold which claims our lives, we have to replace it with the mind of Christ and fervent daily prayer. Praying God's Word is a topical prayer guide addressing fourteen strongholds and what Scripture reveals about each issue. The Scriptures are presented in prayer form to be incorporated into the daily prayer life as a way of letting God's Word, through prayer, help you overcome the strongholds of bitterness, anger, unforgiveness, and other areas as well.","{'Prayer', 'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Christian Non Fiction', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","352 pages, Hardcover",4.41
Piercing the Darkness,Frank E. Peretti,"The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it.John 1:5 (ESV)It all begins in Bacon's Corner, a tiny farming community far from the interstate . . . An attempted murder, a case of mistaken-or is it covered up?-identity, and a ruthless lawsuit against a struggling Christian school. Sally Beth Roe, a young loner, a burnout, a kind of ""leftover hippie,""finds herself caught in the middle of these bizarre events, fleeing for her life while trying to recall her dark past.Across a vast panorama of heart-stopping action, Sally Roe's journey is a penetrating portrayal of our times, a reflection of our wanderings, and a vivid reminder of the redemptive power of the Cross. A companion volume to This Present Darkness, readers have purchased over two million copies of Piercing the Darkness since its publication in 1989.","{'Fantasy', 'Fiction', 'Christian Fiction', 'Religion', 'Spirituality', 'Thriller', 'Christian'}","448 pages, Paperback",4.32
A History of the Bible: The Book and Its Faiths,John Barton,"A uniquely ambitious study of the Bible's creation: how it came to be written, how its contents were selected - and how it really relates to the religions that endorse itThe Bible is the central book in Western culture, yet extraordinarily there is no proper history of it. This exceptional work, by one of the world's leading Biblical scholars, provides a full account of how the different parts of the Bible came to be written; how some writings which were regarded as holy became canonical and were included in the Bible, and others were not; what the relationship is of the different parts of the Bible to each other; and how, once it became a stable text, the Bible has been disseminated and interpreted around the world. It gives full weight to discussion of the importance of the Tanakh (Old Testament) in Judaism as in Christianity. It also demonstrates the degree to which, contrary to widespread belief, both Judaism and Christianity are not faiths drawn from the Bible texts but from other sources and traditions. It shows that if we are to regard the Bible as 'authoritative' it cannot be as believers have so often done in the past.","{'Nonfiction', 'History', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","613 pages, Hardcover",4.08
The Songs of Jesus: A Year of Daily Devotions in the Psalms,Timothy J. Keller,"Renowned pastor and New York Times bestselling author Timothy Keller writes the book his readers have been asking for: A year-long daily devotional, beautifully designed with gilt edges and a gold ribbon marker. The Book of Psalms is known as the Bible’s songbook—Jesus knew all 150 psalms intimately, and relied on them to face every situation, including his death. Two decades ago, Tim Keller began reading the entire Book of Psalms every month. The Songs of Jesus is based on his accumulated years of study, insight, and inspiration recorded in his prayer journals. Kathy Keller came to reading the psalms as a support during an extended illness. Together they have distilled the meaning of each verse, inviting readers into the vast wisdom of the psalms.If you have no devotional life yet, this book is a wonderful way to start. If you already spend time in study and prayer, understanding every verse of the psalms will bring you a new level of intimacy with God, unlocking your purpose within God’s kingdom.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","384 pages, Hardcover",4.49
Praying the Bible,Donald S. Whitney,"All Christians know they should pray, but sometimes it’s hard to know how—especially if the minutes start to drag and our minds start to wander. Offering readers hope, encouragement, and the practical advice they’re looking for, this concise book by professor Donald Whitney outlines a simple, time-tested method that can help transform our prayer lives: praying the words of the Bible. Praying the Bible shows readers how to pray through portions of Scripture one line at a time, helping us stay focused by allowing God’s Word itself to direct our thoughts and words. Simple yet profound, this resource will prove invaluable to all Christians as they seek to commune with their heavenly Father in prayer each and every day.","{'Prayer', 'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian'}","106 pages, Hardcover",4.48
Jesus of Nazareth: The Infancy Narratives,Pope Benedict XVI,"The momentous third and final volume in the Pope’s international bestselling Jesus of Nazareth series, detailing how the stories of Jesus’ infancy and childhood are as relevant today as they were two thousand years ago. In 2007, Joseph Ratzinger published his first book as Pope Benedict XVI in order “to make known the figure and message of Jesus.” Now, the Pope focuses exclusively on the Gospel accounts of Jesus’ life as a child. The root of these stories is the experience of hope found in the birth of Jesus and the affirmations of surrender and service embodied in his parents, Joseph and Mary. This is a story of longing and seeking, as demonstrated by the Magi searching for the redemption offered by the birth of a new king. It is a story of sacrifice and trusting completely in the wisdom of God as seen in the faith of Simeon, the just and devout man of Jerusalem, when he is in the presence of the Christ child. Ultimately, Jesus’ life and message is a story for today, one that speaks to the restlessness of the human heart searching for the sole truth which alone leads to profound joy. JOSEPH RATZINGER, Pope Benedict XVI, born in 1927 in Germany, has been head of the Roman Catholic Church since April 2005. A prolific author, theologian, and university professor, Ratzinger served as an “expert” at the Second Vatican Council, and was appointed in 1977 by Pope Paul VI to lead the German Archdiocese of Munich and Freising. In 1981, Pope John Paul II called him to Rome to head the Vatican's Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, where he served until his papal election.","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Catholic', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","256 pages, Paperback",4.50
The Rare Jewel of Christian Contentment,Jeremiah Burroughs,"Jeremiah Burroughs is worthily reckoned as belonging to the front rank of English puritan preachers. As such he played a prominent part in the Westminster Assembly of divines, but died prematurely before the Assembly's work was concluded.Burrough's writings, some published before and others after his death, were numerous, but The Rare-Jewel of Christian Contentment is one of the most valuable of them all. Its author was much concerned to promote (1) peace among believers of various persuasions (2) peace and contentment in the hearts of individual believers during what he describes as sad and sinking times . The Rare Jewel concentrates upon this second aim. It is marked by sanity, clarity, aptness of illustration, and warmth of appeal to the heart. 'There is an ark that you may come into, and no men in the world may live such comfortable, cheerful and contented lives as the saints of God'. Burroughs presses his lesson home with all the fervour and cogency of a true and faithful minister of God.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Classics', 'Christian'}","232 pages, Paperback",4.29
Ordering Your Private World,Gordon MacDonald,"We have schedule planners, computerized calendars,and self-stick notes to help us organize our business and social lives everyday. But what about organizing the other side of our lives—the spiritual side?One of the great battlegrounds of the new century is within the private world of the individual.The values of our Western culture incline us to believe that the busy, publicly active person in ministry  is also the most spiritual.Tempted to give imbalanced attention to the public world at the expense of the private, we become involved in more programs, more meetings. Our massive responsibilities at home, work, and church have resulted in a lot of good people on the verge of collapse.In this timely update of his classic Ordering Your Private World, Gordon MacDonald equips a new generation to live life from the inside out, cultivating the inner victory necessary for public effectiveness.","{'Nonfiction', 'Leadership', 'Personal Development', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Christian'}","240 pages, Hardcover",4.18
"That All Shall Be Saved: Heaven, Hell, and Universal Salvation",David Bentley Hart,"The great fourth-century church father Basil of Caesarea once observed that, in his time, most Christians believed that hell was not everlasting, and that all would eventually attain salvation. But today, this view is no longer prevalent within Christian communities.   In this momentous book, David Bentley Hart makes the case that nearly two millennia of dogmatic tradition have misled readers on the crucial matter of universal salvation. On the basis of the earliest Christian writings, theological tradition, scripture, and logic, Hart argues that if God is the good creator of all, he is the savior of all, without fail. And if he is not the savior of all, the Kingdom is only a dream, and creation something considerably worse than a nightmare. But it is not so. There is no such thing as eternal damnation; all will be saved. With great rhetorical power, wit, and emotional range, Hart offers a new perspective on one of Christianity’s most important themes.","{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","232 pages, Hardcover",4.27
The Universe Next Door: A Basic Worldview Catalog,James W. Sire,"When The Universe Next Door was first introduced nearly thirty years ago, it set the standard for a clear, readable introduction to worldviews. In concise, easily understood prose, James W. Sire explained the basics of theism, deism, naturalism, nihilism, existentialism, Eastern monism and the new consciousness. The second edition was updated and expanded to include sections on Marxism and secular humanism, as well as a completely reworked chapter on what is now widely known as New Age philosophy rather than new consciousness. And the third edition offered further updating and revisions, including a thoroughly revised chapter on New Age philosophy and, perhaps most importantly, a new chapter on postmodernism. Now the fourth edition refines the definition of worldview itself, incorporating Sire's thinking and teaching during the past decade. (His recent work is showcased in a new book, Naming the Elephant, also published by IVP.) The Universe Next Door has been translated into several languages and has been used as a text at over one hundred colleges and universities in courses ranging from apologetics and world religions to history and English literature. With the publication of the fourth edition, this book will continue to aid students, teachers and anyone who wants to understand the variety of worldviews that compete with Christianity for the allegiance of our minds and hearts.","{'Nonfiction', 'School', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","252 pages, Paperback",3.94
12 Ways Your Phone Is Changing You,Tony Reinke,"Do You Control Your Phone—Or Does Your Phone Control You? Within a few years of its unveiling, the smartphone had become part of us, fully integrated into the daily patterns of our lives. Never offline, always within reach, we now wield in our hands a magic wand of technological power we have only begun to grasp. But it raises new enigmas, too. Never more connected, we seem to be growing more distant. Never more efficient, we have never been more distracted. Drawing from the insights of numerous thinkers, published studies, and his own research, writer Tony Reinke identifies twelve potent ways our smartphones have changed us—for good and bad. Reinke calls us to cultivate wise thinking and healthy habits in the digital age, encouraging us to maximize the many blessings, to avoid the various pitfalls, and to wisely wield the most powerful gadget of human connection ever unleashed.","{'Audiobook', 'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Technology', 'Christian'}","224 pages, Paperback",4.30
Parenting: 14 Gospel Principles That Can Radically Change Your Family,Paul David Tripp,"Sometimes parents wish there was a guaranteed formula for raising good kids--a certain list of rules to follow to ensure they'd have obedient children. But if moms and dads view their role through the lens of God's grace, they will see that the gospel must first shape how they parent before they can effectively shape their children. In this highly practical book, Paul David Tripp unfolds a more biblical perspective on parenting than merely adhering to a list of rules. He lays out fourteen gospel-centered principles that will radically change the way parents think about what it means to raise up a child, informing everything they do as a parent.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Parenting', 'Christian', 'Family'}","216 pages, Hardcover",4.42
Revolution in World Missions,K.P. Yohannan,"In this exciting and fast-moving narrative, K.P. Yohannan shares how God brought him from his remote Indian village to become the founder of Gospel for Asia. Drawing from fascinating true stories and eye-opening statistics, K.P. challenges Christians to examine and change their lifestyles in view of millions who have never heard the Gospel.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Biography', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","230 pages, Paperback",3.95
Bread and Wine: A Love Letter to Life Around the Table with Recipes,Shauna Niequist,"This book is a collection of essays about family relationships, friendships, and the meals that bring us together. Written by well-loved writer and blogger, Shauna Niequist, this mix of Girl Meets God and the Food Network is a funny, honest, and vulnerable spiritual memoir. Bread & Wine is a celebration of food shared and life around the table, and it reminds us of the joy we find in connection and relationship. It's about the ways that God teaches and nourishes us as we nourish the people around us. It's about hunger, both physical and otherwise, and the connections between the two. Recipes are included for the dishes you can almost taste as you read about them. From Butternut Squash Risotto to Apple Crisp with Vanilla Ice Cream and Salted Caramel Sauce, you will be able to recreate the comforting and satisfying meals that come to life in Bread & Wine.","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Food', 'Cooking', 'Memoir', 'Christian', 'Cookbooks'}","288 pages, Hardcover",4.22
The Robe,Lloyd C. Douglas,"A Roman soldier, Marcellus, wins Christ's robe as a gambling prize. He then sets forth on a quest to find the truth about the Nazarene's robe-a quest that reaches to the very roots and heart of Christianity and is set against the vividly limned background of ancient Rome. Here is a timeless story of adventure, faith, and romance, a tale of spiritual longing and ultimate redemption.","{'Historical Fiction', 'Historical', 'Fiction', 'Christian Fiction', 'Classics', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","528 pages, Paperback",4.22
Reading Judas: The Gospel of Judas and the Shaping of Christianity,Elaine Pagels,"The two leading, bestselling experts on the Gnostic Gospels weigh in on the meaning of the controversial newly discovered Gospel of Judas. When the Gospel of Judas was published by the National Geographic Society in April 2006, it received extraordinary media attention and was immediately heralded as a major biblical discovery that rocked the world of scholars and laypeople alike. Elaine Pagels and Karen King are the first to reflect on this newfound text and its ramifications for telling the story of early Christianity. In Reading Judas, the two celebrated scholars illustrate how the newly discovered text provides a window onto understanding how Jesus' followers understood his death, why Judas betrayed Jesus, and why God allowed it. Most contemporary readers will find passages in the ancient Gospel of Judas difficult to comprehend outside of its context in the ancient world. Reading Judas illuminates the intellectual assumptions behind Jesus' teaching to Judas and shows how conflict among the disciples was a tool frequently used by early Christian authors to explore matters of doubt and disagreement. Presented with the elegance, insight, and accessibility that has made Pagels and King the leading voices in this field, this is a book for academics and popular audience both. Pagels's five previous books, including The New York Times bestseller Beyond Belief, and King's The Gospel of Mary of Magdala prove that there is a considerable audience eager for this kind of informed and engaging writing.","{'Nonfiction', 'History', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Gnosticism'}","224 pages, Hardcover",3.75
Notes From The Tilt-A-Whirl: Wide-Eyed Wonder in God's Spoken World,N.D. Wilson,"Product Description A visual, poetic exploration of the narrative nature of the world and the personality of the Poet behind it all.  When Nate Wilson looks at the world around him, he asks ""What is this place? Why is this place? Who approved it? Am I supposed to take it seriously?"" What could such an outlandish, fantastical world say about its Creator?  In these sparkling chapters, Wilson gives an aesthetic examination of the ways in which humanity has tried to make sense of this overwhelming carnival ride of a world. He takes a whimsical, thought-provoking look at everything from the ""magic"" of quantum physics, to nature's absurdities, to the problem of evil, evolution and hell. These frequently humorous, and uniquely beautiful portraits express reality unknown to many Christians-the reality of God's story unfolding around and among us. As the author says, ""Welcome to His poem. His play. His novel. His comedy. Let the pages flick your thumbs.""","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Christian'}","224 pages, Paperback",4.33
The Prophetic Imagination,Walter Brueggemann,"In this challenging and enlightening treatment, Brueggemann traces the lines from the radical vision of Moses to the solidification of royal power in Solomon to the prophetic critique of that power with a new vision of freedom in the prophets. Here he traces the broad sweep from Exodus to Kings to Jeremiah to Jesus. He highlights that the prophetic vision and not only embraces the pain of the people but creates an energy and amazement based on the new thing that God is doing.","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","151 pages, Paperback",4.33
Thoughts in Solitude,Thomas Merton,"Thoughtful and eloquent, as timely (or timeless) now as when it was originally published in 1956, Thoughts in Solitude addresses the pleasure of a solitary life, as well as the necessity for quiet reflection in an age when so little is private. Thomas Merton writes: ""When society is made up of men who know no interior solitude it can no longer be held together by love: and consequently it is held together by a violent and abusive authority. But when men are violently deprived of the solitude and freedom which are their due, the society in which they live becomes putrid, it festers with servility, resentment and hate.""Thoughts in Solitude stands alongside The Seven Storey Mountain as one of Merton's most enduring and popular works. Thomas Merton, a Trappist monk, is perhaps the foremost spiritual thinker of the twentieth century. His diaries, social commentary, and spiritual writings continue to be widely read after his untimely death in 1968.
Librarian note: there is an alternate cover edition of this book here
","{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","129 pages, Paperback",4.02
The Way of Perfection,Teresa of Ávila,"Of all of Teresa of Avila's works, The Way of Perfection is the most easily understood. Written at the height of the controversy surrounding the reforms Teresa instituted in the Carmelite order, it instructed the nuns in the practice of prayer. Teresa discusses the three essentials of a prayer-filled life -- fraternal love, detachment from material things, and true humility. Her counsels on these are the fruit of her practical experience. The book develops these ideas and takes up directly the matters of prayer and contemplation. Teresa gives various maxims for the practice of prayer and concludes the book with her masterful and impassioned version of the Lord's Prayer. ""How is it that Thou canst give us so much with Thy first word?"" she says of the ""Our"" at the beginning of that prayer.The simple and practical nature of this mystical classic will appeal to all who seek a life of wholeness.","{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Catholic', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","336 pages, Paperback",4.16
Ethics,Dietrich Bonhoeffer,"The crown jewel of Bonhoeffer's body of work, Ethics is the culmination of his theological and personal odyssey. Based on careful reconstruction of the manuscripts, freshly and expertly translated and annotated, this new critical edition features an insightful Introduction by Clifford Green and an Afterword from the German edition's editors. Though caught up in the vortex of momentous forces in the Nazi period, Bonhoeffer systematically envisioned a radically Christocentric, incarnational ethic for a post-war world, purposefully recasting Christians' relation to history, politics, and public life. This edition allows scholars, theologians, ethicists, and serious Christians to appreciate the cogency and relevance of Bonhoeffer's vision.","{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","608 pages, Hardcover",4.18
Lost Scriptures: Books that Did Not Make It into the New Testament,Bart D. Ehrman,"While most people think that the twenty-seven books of the New Testament are the only sacred writings of the early Christians, this is not at all the case. A companion volume to Bart Ehrman's Lost Christianities, this book offers an anthology of up-to-date and readable translations of many non-canonical writings from the first centuries after Christ--texts that have been for the most part lost or neglected for almost two millennia.Here is an array of remarkably varied writings from early Christian groups whose visions of Jesus differ dramatically from our contemporary understanding. Readers will find Gospels supposedly authored by the apostle Philip, James the brother of Jesus, Mary Magdalen, and others. There are Acts originally ascribed to John and to Thecla, Paul's female companion; there are Epistles allegedly written by Paul to the Roman philosopher Seneca. And there is an apocalypse by Simon Peter that offers a guided tour of the afterlife, both the glorious ecstasies of the saints and the horrendous torments of the damned, and an Epistle by Titus, a companion of Paul, which argues page after page against sexual love, even within marriage, on the grounds that physical intimacy leads to damnation.In all, the anthology includes fifteen Gospels, five non-canonical Acts of the Apostles, thirteen Epistles, a number of Apocalypses and Secret Books, and several Canon lists. Ehrman has included a general introduction, plus brief introductions to each piece. This important anthology gives readers a vivid picture of the range of beliefs that battled each other in the first centuries of the Christian era.","{'Nonfiction', 'History', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Religion', 'Reference'}","352 pages, Paperback",4.01
The Mark,Tim LaHaye,"His Excellency Global Community Potentate Nicolae Carpathia has been resurrected and indwelt by Satan himself. He plans to remodel his offices and add two floors to his palace, including a glass ceiling. He also demands that the people of the Global Community worship him. Statues of himself are erected for worship. He introduces Viv Ivins to the senior staff and tells them of the loyalty mark program. The Antichrist declares that every single person on earth must receive his mark of loyalty and worship his image or lose their head to the loyalty enforcement facilitator.[Source wiki]","{'Thriller', 'Fantasy', 'Christianity', 'Fiction', 'Christian Fiction', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","381 pages, Paperback",4.03
God's Politics: Why the Right Gets It Wrong and the Left Doesn't Get It,Jim Wallis,"New York Times bestseller God's Politics struck a chord with Americans disenchanted with how the Right had co-opted all talk about integrating religious values into our politics, and with the Left, who were mute on the subject. Jim Wallis argues that America's separation of church and state does not require banishing moral and religious values from the public square. God's Politics offers a vision for how to convert spiritual values into real social change and has started a grassroots movement to hold our political leaders accountable by incorporating our deepest convictions about war, poverty, racism, abortion, capital punishment, and other moral issues into our nation's public life. Who can change the political wind? Only we can.","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Politics', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","399 pages, Paperback",3.66
Let the Nations Be Glad!: The Supremacy of God in Missions,John      Piper,"Why do we do missions? We are told, by Jesus, to preach the gospel and make disciples of all nations. So missions is duty, right? Wrong. If you do missions purely from a sense of duty you will not honor those you are reaching out to, nor will you truly honor God. Duty is the wrong place to look, so where do we find the answer to why we do missions? We turn, according to John Piper, to worship. // In our worship of God we encounter God's glory. The overflow from our worship is a desire to share God's glory with others (the chief end of man is to glorify God and enjoy Him forever), and we naturally become missional. When Jesus was asked what the kingdom of God was like, he compared it to a pearl so valuable that one would sell all they owned simply to possess it. Does that seem like duty to you? Instead, Jesus calls us to a new mindset, which flows from the mindset that worship creates in us. Thus, according to Piper, does worship become the goal of missions and the fuel which makes missions possible. // Worship as the fuel for missions makes sense to a lot of people, but worship as the goal of missions? Piper reminds us that the true reason we share God with others is to make them worshipers (and sharers) as well. He feels that the true goal of missions is ""the gladness of the peoples in the greatness of God."" If it is true, (as Piper states) that ""God is most glorified in us when we are most satisfied in Him,"" then increasing the number of people who are satisfied in God will bring God more glory. And missions is the way we can do that. // Missions must be seen as more than simply saving people from sin, though that is a very important aspect. And missions is not just about getting people into heaven, although that is important as well. Instead, through missions we should always seek to make as many people as possible into true worshipers, into those fully satisfied with the greatness of God. // With that mindset, missions becomes a joyous experience, as we joyfully share the life-changing presence of God in our lives with those who don't know God. When we have made worship both the fuel and goal of all our missionary endeavors, we realize that ""missions is not a recruitment project for God's labor force. It is a liberation project from the heavy burdens and hard yokes of other gods."" Missions is never a burden, because it comes out of our overwhelming joy in God's grace and mercy, and we just want to share that joy. So make God the center of your missions work, and joyfully share what He has graciously given to you.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Evangelism', 'Christian'}","256 pages, Paperback",4.21
The Early Church,Henry Chadwick,"Examines the beginning of the Christian movement during the first centuries AD, and the explosive force of its expansion throughout the Roman world.","{'Nonfiction', 'History', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Church History', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","304 pages, Paperback",3.93
Coronavirus and Christ,John      Piper,"""This is a time when the fragile form of this world is felt. The seemingly solid foundations are shaking. The question we should be asking is, Do we have a Rock under our feet? A Rock that cannot be shaken―ever? "" ―John Piper On January 11, 2020, a novel coronavirus (COVID-19) reportedly claimed its first victim in the Hubei province of China. By March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization had declared a global pandemic. In the midst of this fear and uncertainty, it is natural to wonder what God is doing. In Coronavirus and Christ , John Piper invites readers around the world to stand on the solid Rock, who is Jesus Christ, in whom our souls can be sustained by the sovereign God who ordains, governs, and reigns over all things to accomplish his wise and good purposes for those who trust in him. What is God doing through the coronavirus ? Piper offers six biblical answers to that question, showing us that God is at work in this moment in history.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","112 pages, Paperback",4.31
Escape from Reason,Francis A. Schaeffer,"Truth used to be based on reason. No more. What we feel is now the truest source of reality. Despite our obsession with the emotive and the experiential, we still face anxiety, despair, and purposelessness. How did we get here? And where do we find a remedy? In this modern classic, Francis A. Schaeffer traces trends in twentieth-century thought and unpacks how key ideas have shaped our society. Wide-ranging in his analysis, Schaeffer examines philosophy, science, art and popular culture to identify dualism, fragmentation and the decline of reason. Schaeffer's work takes on a newfound relevance today in his prescient anticipation of the contemporary postmodern ethos. His critique demonstrates Christianity's promise for a new century, one in as much need as ever of purpose and hope.","{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Cultural', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","125 pages, Paperback",4.22
Soul Keeping: Caring For the Most Important Part of You,John Ortberg,"When is the last time you thought about the state of your soul?The health of your soul isn’t just a matter of saved or unsaved. It’s the hinge on which the rest of your life hangs. It’s the difference between deep, satisfied spirituality and a restless, dispassionate faith.In an age of materialism and consumerism that tries to buy its way to happiness, many souls are starved and unhealthy, unsatisfied by false promises of status and wealth. We’ve neglected this eternal part of ourselves, focusing instead on the temporal concerns of the world—and not without consequence.Bestselling author John Ortberg presents another classic that will help you discover your soul—the most important connection to God there is—and find your way out of the spiritual shallow-lands to true divine depth. With characteristic insight and an accessible story-filled approach, Ortberg brings practicality and relevance to one of Christianity’s most mysterious and neglected topics.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","208 pages, Hardcover",4.24
The Naked Now: Learning To See As the Mystics See,Richard Rohr,"For Christians seeking a way of thinking outside of strict dualities, this guide explores methods for letting go of division and living in the present. Drawn from the Gospels, Jesus, Paul, and the great Christian contemplatives, this examination reveals how many of the hidden truths of Christianity have been misunderstood or lost and how to read them with the eyes of the mystics rather than interpreting them through rational thought. Filled with sayings, stories, quotations, and appeals to the heart, specific methods for identifying dualistic thinking are presented with simple practices for stripping away ego and the fear of dwelling in the present.","{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Mysticism', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","187 pages, Paperback",4.23
Interrupted: An Adventure in Relearning the Essentials of Faith,Jen Hatmaker,What happens when Jesus interrupts the average life? Interrupted encourages believers to ask if their lives bring integrity to the gospel. Follow the faith journey of author and fellow disciplemaker Jen Hatmaker and rediscover Jesus among the least of us.,"{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Memoir', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","176 pages, Paperback",4.15
Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God,Jonathan Edwards,"This is a reprint of Jonathan Edward's famous sermon. Many have said it is the most famous sermon ever preached. The sermon was first delivered in Enfield, MA on July 8, 1741. The sermon had an amazing impact on the audience.","{'Nonfiction', 'School', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Classics', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","35 pages, Paperback",3.82
The Battle for God,Karen Armstrong,"In our supposedly secular age governed by reason and technology, fundamentalism has emerged as an overwhelming force in every major world religion. Why? This is the fascinating, disturbing question that bestselling author Karen Armstrong addresses in her brilliant new book The Battle for God. Writing with the broad perspective and deep understanding of human spirituality that won huge audiences for A History of God, Armstrong illuminates the spread of militant piety as a phenomenon peculiar to our moment in history.Contrary to popular belief, fundamentalism is not a throwback to some ancient form of religion but rather a response to the spiritual crisis of the modern world. As Armstrong argues, the collapse of a piety rooted in myth and cult during the Renaissance forced people of faith to grasp for new ways of being religious--and fundamentalism was born. Armstrong focuses here on three fundamentalist movements: Protestant fundamentalism in America, Jewish fundamentalism in Israel, and Islamic fundamentalism in Egypt and Iran--exploring how each has developed its own unique way of combating the assaults of modernity.Blending history, sociology, and spirituality, The Battle for God is a compelling and compassionate study of a radical form of religious expression that is critically shaping the course of world history.","{'Nonfiction', 'History', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Spirituality', 'Religion'}","480 pages, Paperback",3.95
"If You Want to Walk on Water, You've Got to Get Out of the Boat",John Ortberg,"Winner of the 2002 Christianity Today Book Award! You’re One Step Away from the Adventure of Your Life Deep within you lies the same faith and longing that sent Peter walking across the wind-swept Sea of Galilee toward Jesus. In what ways is the Lord telling you, as he did Peter, ""Come""? John Ortberg invites you to consider the incredible potential that awaits you outside your comfort zone. Out on the risky waters of faith, Jesus is waiting to meet you in ways that will change you forever, deepening your character and your trust in God. The experience is terrifying. It’s thrilling beyond belief. It’s everything you’d expect of someone worthy to be called Lord. The choice is yours to know him as only a water-walker can, aligning yourself with God’s purpose for your life in the process. There’s just one requirement: If You Want to Walk on Water, You’ve Got to Get Out of the Boat.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","212 pages, Hardcover",4.15
The Case for the Real Jesus,Lee Strobel,Hardcover,"{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christian Non Fiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","311 pages, Hardcover",4.37
"The Rise and Triumph of the Modern Self: Cultural Amnesia, Expressive Individualism, and the Road to Sexual Revolution",Carl R. Trueman,"Modern culture is obsessed with identity.Since the landmark Obergefell v. Hodges Supreme Court decision in 2015, sexual identity has dominated both public discourse and cultural trends--and yet, no historical phenomenon is its own cause. From Augustine to Marx, various views and perspectives have contributed to the modern understanding of self. In The Rise and Triumph of the Modern Self, Carl Trueman carefully analyzes the roots and development of the sexual revolution as a symptom, rather than the cause, of the human search for identity. This timely exploration of the history of thought behind the sexual revolution teaches readers about the past, brings clarity to the present, and gives guidance for the future as Christians navigate the culture's ever-changing search for identity.","{'Nonfiction', 'History', 'Theology', 'Philosophy', 'Politics', 'Cultural', 'Christian'}","432 pages, Hardcover",4.58
The Prodigal Prophet: Jonah and the Mystery of God's Mercy,Timothy J. Keller,"An angry prophet. A feared and loathsome enemy. A devastating storm. And the surprising message of a merciful God to his people.The story of Jonah is one of the most well-known parables in the Bible. It is also the most misunderstood. Many people, even those who are nonreligious, are familiar with Jonah: A rebellious prophet who defies God and is swallowed by a whale. But there's much more to Jonah's story than most of us realize.In The Prodigal Prophet, pastor and New York Times bestselling author Timothy Keller reveals the hidden depths within the book of Jonah. Keller makes the case that Jonah was one of the worst prophets in the entire Bible. And yet there are unmistakably clear connections between Jonah, the prodigal son, and Jesus. Jesus in fact saw himself in Jonah. How could one of the most defiant and disobedient prophets in the Bible be compared to Jesus?Jonah's journey also doesn't end when he is freed from the belly of the fish. There is an entire second half to his story--but it is left unresolved within the text of the Bible. Why does the book of Jonah end on what is essentially a cliffhanger? In these pages, Timothy Keller provides an answer to the extraordinary conclusion of this biblical parable--and shares the powerful Christian message at the heart of Jonah's story.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","5 pages, Audio CD",4.49
"Meaning of Jesus, The",Marcus J. Borg,"Was Jesus born of a virgin? Did he know he was the Messiah? Was he bodily resurrected from the dead? Did he intentionally die to redeem humankind? Was Jesus God? In The Meaning of Jesus two leading Jesus scholars with widely divergent views go right to the heart of these questions and others, presenting the opposing visions of Jesus that shape our faith today. In alternating chapters, Marcus Borg, the most popular revisionist voice on Jesus and a member of the Jesus Seminar, and N. T. Wright, the most prominent standard–bearer for the traditional stance and an outspoken critic of the Jesus Seminar, present their views of who Jesus was, what he taught, and what he did. Candid, spirited, and thoughtfully debated, this compelling discourse will stimulate fresh ideas and intense dialogue among anyone concerned with what it means to be a Christian today.","{'Nonfiction', 'History', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","288 pages, Paperback",3.98
"Center Church: Doing Balanced, Gospel-Centered Ministry in Your City",Timothy J. Keller,"Many pastors struggle to translate their theological beliefs into fruitful ministry in the places they are called to reach. It's not enough to simply know what to believe (theology) or, on the other hand, how to do ministry (methodology)—they need something in between. They need help thinking about ministry in a culture that no longer believes Christianity is a force for good, let alone the source of ultimate revealed truth in the person of Christ. Center Church, a collection of twelve essays by Timothy Keller, outlines a theological vision for ministry that is organized around three core commitments:*Gospel-centered: The gospel of grace in Jesus Christ changes everything, from our hearts to our community to the world. It completely reshapes the content, tone and strategy of all that we do.*City-centered: With a positive approach toward our culture, we learn to affirm that cities are wonderful, strategic and underserved places for gospel ministry.*Movement-centered: Instead of building our own tribe, we seek the prosperity and peace of our community as we are led by the Holy Spirit.","{'Nonfiction', 'Leadership', 'Church', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Ecclesiology', 'Christian'}","395 pages, Hardcover",4.43
In His Image: 10 Ways God Calls Us to Reflect His Character,Jen Wilkin,"After first teaching women to go deeper in their study of the Bible in Women of the Word, and then unpacking why our limits are a good thing in light of God’s limitlessness in None Like Him, best-selling author and Bible teacher Jen Wilkin helps readers see what human beings are to be like as they reflect the image of their Creator. In His Image explores 10 attributes of God that Christians are called to reflect—they are called to be holy, loving, just, good, merciful, gracious, faithful, patient, truthful, and wise. This book calls readers to discover the freedom and purpose in becoming all that God made them to be.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Christian Non Fiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian'}","176 pages, Paperback",4.44
Life of Pi,Yann Martel,"Life of Pi is a fantasy adventure novel by Yann Martel published in 2001. The protagonist, Piscine Molitor ""Pi"" Patel, a Tamil boy from Pondicherry, explores issues of spirituality and practicality from an early age. He survives 227 days after a shipwreck while stranded on a boat in the Pacific Ocean with a Bengal tiger named Richard Parker.","{'Adventure', 'Fantasy', 'Fiction', 'Magical Realism', 'Literature', 'Classics', 'Novels'}","460 pages, Paperback",3.93
The Furious Longing of God,Brennan Manning,"Imagine a stormy day at sea, your ship yielding to a relentless wind, pummeled by crashing waves, subject to the awesome force of nature. A force that is both fierce and majestic. A power that is nothing short of furious. Such is God's intense, consuming love for His children. It's a love that knows no limits, and no boundaries. A love that will go to any lengths, and take any risks, to pursue us. Renowned author and ragamuffin Brennan Manning presents a love story for the brokenhearted. For those who are burdened by heavy religion. For those who feel they can never measure up. It is a provocative and poignant look at the radical, no-holds-barred love of our Heavenly Father. It is a message that will forever change how you view God.","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","144 pages, Hardcover",4.22
Divided by Faith: Evangelical Religion and the Problem of Race in America,Michael O. Emerson,"Through a nationwide telephone survey of 2,000 people and an additional 200 face-to-face interviews, Michael O. Emerson and Christian Smith probed the grassroots of white evangelical America. They found that despite recent efforts by the movement's leaders to address the problem of racial discrimination, evangelicals themselves seem to be preserving America's racial chasm. In fact, most white evangelicals see no systematic discrimination against blacks. But the authors contend that it is not active racism that prevents evangelicals from recognizing ongoing problems in American society. Instead, it is the evangelical movement's emphasis on individualism, free will, and personal relationships that makes invisible the pervasive injustice that perpetuates racial inequality. Most racial problems, the subjects told the authors, can be solved by the repentance and conversion of the sinful individuals at fault.Combining a substantial body of evidence with sophisticated analysis and interpretation, the authors throw sharp light on the oldest American dilemma. In the end, they conclude that despite the best intentions of evangelical leaders and some positive trends, real racial reconciliation remains far over the horizon.","{'Race', 'Nonfiction', 'History', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","224 pages, Paperback",4.18
Diary of Saint Maria Faustina Kowalska: Divine Mercy in My Soul,Maria Faustyna Kowalska,"This compact edition of the Diary of St. Maria Faustina Kowalska: Divine Mercy in My Soul, chronicles the message that Jesus, the Divine Mercy, gave to the world through this humble nun. It reminds us to trust in His forgiveness - and as Christ is merciful, so, too, are we instructed to be merciful to others. This message exemplifies God's love toward mankind and, to this day, remains a source of hope and renewal. Keep the Diary next to your Bible for constant insight and inspiration for your spiritual growth!","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Catholic', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","730 pages, Paperback",4.58
The Essential Writings of Christian Mysticism,Bernard McGinn,"This clear and comprehensive anthology, culled from the vast corpus of Christian mystical literature by the renowned theologian and historian Bernard McGinn, presents nearly one hundred selections, from the writings of Origen of Alexandria in the third century to the work of twentieth-century mystics such as Thomas Merton.Uniquely organized by subject rather than by author, The Essential Writings of Christian Mysticism explores how human life is transformed through the search for direct contact with God. Part one examines the preparation for encountering God through biblical interpretation and prayer; the second part focuses on the mystics’ actual encounters with God; and part three addresses the implications of the mystical life, showing how mystics have been received over time, and how they practice their faith through private contemplation and public actions.In addition to his illuminating Introduction, Bernard McGinn provides accessible headnotes for each section, as well as numerous biographical sketches and a selected bibliography.Praise for The Essential Writings of Christian Mysticism“No one is better equipped than Bernard McGinn to provide a thorough and balanced guide to this vast literature….This is an anthology which deserves to be read not only by those who study Christian history and theology, but by believers who long to deepen their own lives of prayer and service.” -- Anglican Theological Review“Bernard McGinn, a preeminent historian and interpreter of the Christian mystical tradition, has edited this fine collection of mystical writings, organizing them thematically....McGinn offers helpful introductions to each thematic section, author and entry, as well as a brief critical bibliography on mysticism. Published in the Modern Library Classic series, this is a great value.” – Christian Century""No-one is better equipped than Professor McGinn to provide a thorough and balanced guide to this vast literature. A first-class selection, by a first-class scholar."" -- Rowan Williams, Archbishop of Canterbury“This accessible anthology by the scholarly world’s leading historian of the Western Christian mystical tradition easily outstrips all others in its comprehensiveness, the aptness of its selection of texts, and in the intelligent manner of its organization.” -- Denys Turner, Horace Tracy Pitkin Professor of Historical Theology, Yale Divinity School""An immensely rich anthology, assembled and introduced by our foremost student of mysticism. Both the scholar and the disciple will find God’s plenty here."" -- Barbara Newman, Professor of English, Religion, and Classics, John Evans Professor of Latin, Northwestern University""An unusually clear and insightful exposition of major texts selected by one of the greatest scholars in the field of Christian mysticism, based on his vast erudition and uniquely sensitive interpretation. Like his other books, this one too is destined to become a classic.” -- Professor Moshe Idel, Hebrew University, Jerusalem","{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Mysticism', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","592 pages, Paperback",4.21
The Mystical Theology of the Eastern Church,Vladimir Lossky,"In his classic exposition of the theology of the Church, Lossky states that the Eastern Tradition...""has never made a sharp distinction between mysticism and theology; between personal experience of the divine mysteries and the dogma affirmed bu the Church."" The term ""mystical theology"" denotes that which is accessible yet inaccesible' those things inderstood yet surpassing all knowledge.","{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Mysticism', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","252 pages, Paperback",4.37
He Is There and He Is Not Silent,Francis A. Schaeffer,"In He Is There and He Is Not Silent , Francis Schaeffer―philosopher, popular speaker, and founder of L’Abri Fellowship in the Swiss Alps―addresses some of the most perplexing questions to believers and unbelievers During his life, Francis Schaeffer welcomed questioners and doubters from all walks of life to L’Abri Fellowship. For Schaeffer, Christianity expressed the ultimate truth. That is why he never shunned doubts and questions by honest seekers. He knew the truths in the Bible would always prove themselves when they were thoroughly investigated by an open mind and heart.From the intriguing, late-night discussions at L’Abri came a series of compelling books from Francis Schaeffer― The God Who Is There, Escape from Reason, True Spirituality , and this classic book every Christian should own, He Is There and He Is Not Silent .","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","88 pages, Paperback",4.24
True Devotion to Mary,Louis-Marie Grignion de Monfort,"Considered the greatest single book on Mary ever written, this classic shows the way to Jesus through Mary. It sums up the entire Christian life and provides the key both to sanctity and to salvation. Beloved by countless souls; makes lasting devotees. St. Louis De Montfort prophesied that True Devotion to Mary would be the way of life of the great Saints of the latter times. This devotion is destined to change the world!","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Catholic', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion'}","215 pages, Paperback",4.53
To Live Is Christ to Die Is Gain,Matt Chandler,"Using Paul's radical letter to the Philippians as his road map, Matt Chandler forsakes the trendy to invite readers into authentic Christian maturity.  The short book of Philippians is one of the most quoted in the Bible, yet Paul wrote it not for the popular sound bites, but to paint a picture of a mature Christian faith. While many give their lives to Jesus, few then go on to live a life of truly vibrant faith. In this disruptively inspiring book, Chandler offers tangible ways to develop a faith of pursuing, chasing, knowing, and loving Jesus. Because if we clean up our lives but don't get Jesus, we've lost! So let the goal be Him. To live is Christ, to die is gain—this is the message of the letter. Therefore, our lives should be lived to Him, through Him, for Him, with Him, about Him— everything should be about Jesus.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","224 pages, Hardcover",4.11
On the Apostolic Preaching,Irenaeus of Lyons,"St. Irenaeus, undisputedly the most important theologian of the second century, laid a firmer foundation for all future Christian thinkers. Both in his work, Against the Heresies and in this present study, Demonstration of the Apostolic Preaching, St. Irenaeus explains that there is but one God, made known to the human race by his one Son, Jesus Christ, through the one Holy Spirit; and this one God brings his creatures made from mud into intimate communion with himself. Writing in an age not unlike our own, among a plethora of religions and diverse gods, he exhorts his readers to hold fast to Scripture, which recounts the deeds that bring them into the covenant established by God.This version of Demonstration of the Apostolic Preaching, translated from Armenian, clearly and simply introduces this crucial work by a church father whose christocentric exegesis produced the key that unlocked scriptural understanding for his contemporaries, and for us.","{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Church History', 'Classics', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","121 pages, Paperback",4.31
What Is the Gospel?,Greg Gilbert,"This newest addition to the IXMarks series presents a clear, straightforward statement of the gospel, the third mark of a healthy church.What is the gospel? It seems like a simple question, yet it has been known to incite some heated responses, even in the church. How are we to formulate a clear, biblical understanding of the gospel? Tradition, reason, and experience all leave us ultimately disappointed. If we want answers, we must turn to the Word of God.Greg Gilbert does so in What Is the Gospel?. Beginning with Paul's systematic presentation of the gospel in Romans and moving through the sermons in Acts, Gilbert argues that the central structure of the gospel consists of four main subjects: God, man, Christ, and a response. The book carefully examines each and then explores the effects the gospel can have in individuals, churches, and the world. Both Christian and non-Christian readers will gain a clearer understanding of the gospel in this valuable resource.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Evangelism', 'Discipleship', 'Christian'}","127 pages, Hardcover",4.26
In a Pit with a Lion on a Snowy Day: How to Survive and Thrive When Opportunity Roars,Mark Batterson,"Your greatest regret at the end of your life will be the lions you didn't chase. You will look back longingly on risks not taken, opportunities not seized, and dreams not pursued. Stop running away from what scares you most and start chasing the God-ordained opportunities that cross your path. In a Pit with a Lion on a Snowy Day is inspired by one of the most obscure yet courageous acts recorded in Scripture, a blessed and audacious act that left no “Benaiah chased a lion down into a pit. Then, despite the snow and slippery ground, he caught the lion and killed it” (2 Samuel 23:20 -21). Unleash the lion chaser within!What if the life you really want, and the future God wants for you, is hiding right now in your biggest problem, your worst failure…your greatest fear?Story Behind the Book“Our best days often start out as our worst days. And our greatest opportunities are often disguised as our biggest problems. You can land in a pit with a lion on a snowy day, and it will seem like the end of the road. But God is in the recycling business. He recycles past experiences and uses them to prepare us for future opportunities. That is the story of my life. And that is the story of your life. Look in the rearview mirror long enough and you’ll see that God has purposely positioned you everywhere you’ve been—even when it seemed you’d taken a wrong turn.”—Mark Batterson","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","224 pages, Paperback",4.16
The Good and Beautiful God: Falling in Love with the God Jesus Knows,James Bryan Smith,"Over 250,000 Sold Worldwide! ""God wants me to try harder."" ""God blesses me when I'm good and punishes me when I'm bad."" ""God is angry with me."" We all have ideas that we tell ourselves about God and how he works in our lives. Some are true―but many are false. James Bryan Smith believes those thoughts determine not only who we are, but how we live. In fact, Smith declares, the most important thing about a person is what they think about God. The path to spiritual transformation begins here. Turning to the Gospels, Smith invites you to put your ideas to the test to see if they match up with what Jesus himself reveals about God. Once you've discovered the truth in Scripture, Smith leads you through a process of spiritual formation that includes specific activities aimed at making these new narratives real in your body and soul as well as your mind. At the end of each chapter you'll find an opportunity for soul training, engaging in spiritual practices that reinforce the biblical messages on your mind and heart. Because the best way to make a complete and lasting change is to go through the material in community, small group discussion questions also accompany each chapter. This deep, loving and transformative book will help you discover the narratives that Jesus lived by―to know the Lord he knew and the kingdom he proclaimed―and to practice spiritual exercises that will help you grow in the knowledge of our good and beautiful God. The Good and Beautiful Series includes four essential discipleship books from James Bryan Smith. Work through these proven Bible study resources individually or with a group to learn who God is, what it means to be a Christian, how to live in community, and how to address toxic self-narratives that hinder spiritual growth.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","232 pages, Hardcover",4.27
The Case for God,Karen Armstrong,"Moving from the Paleolithic age to the present, Karen Armstrong details the great lengths to which humankind has gone in order to experience a sacred reality that it called by many names, such as God, Brahman, Nirvana, Allah, or Dao. Focusing especially on Christianity but including Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, and Chinese spiritualities, Armstrong examines the diminished impulse toward religion in our own time, when a significant number of people either want nothing to do with God or question the efficacy of faith. Why has God become unbelievable? Why is it that atheists and theists alike now think and speak about God in a way that veers so profoundly from the thinking of our ancestors?Answering these questions with the same depth of knowledge and profound insight that have marked all her acclaimed books, Armstrong makes clear how the changing face of the world has necessarily changed the importance of religion at both the societal and the individual level. And she makes a powerful, convincing argument for drawing on the insights of the past in order to build a faith that speaks to the needs of our dangerously polarized age. Yet she cautions us that religion was never supposed to provide answers that lie within the competence of human reason; that, she says, is the role of logos. The task of religion is “to help us live creatively, peacefully, and even joyously with realities for which there are no easy explanations.” She emphasizes, too, that religion will not work automatically. It is, she says, a practical its insights are derived not from abstract speculation but from “dedicated intellectual endeavor” and a “compassionate lifestyle that enables us to break out of the prism of selfhood.”","{'Nonfiction', 'History', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Spirituality', 'Religion'}","406 pages, Hardcover",3.85
"Desiring the Kingdom: Worship, Worldview, and Cultural Formation",James K.A. Smith,"Malls, stadiums, and universities are actually liturgical structures that influence and shape our thoughts and affections. Humans–as Augustine noted–are ""desiring agents,"" full of longings and passions; in brief, we are what we love.James K. A. Smith focuses on the themes of liturgy and desire in ""Desiring the Kingdom,"" the first book in what will be a three-volume set on the theology of culture. He redirects our yearnings to focus on the greatest good: God. Ultimately, Smith seeks to re-vision education through the process and practice of worship. Students of philosophy, theology, worldview, and culture will welcome ""Desiring the Kingdom,"" as will those involved in ministry and other interested readers.","{'Education', 'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Cultural', 'Christian'}","238 pages, Paperback",4.22
All of Grace,Charles Haddon Spurgeon,"For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of it is the gift of God (Ephesians 2:8).The ""prince of preachers,"" Charles Haddon Spurgeon, led thousands of people to a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ. In this work, a revised and updated version of one of his best-selling classics, we learn the key to his success as an evangelist—a total reliance on God's grace. Spurgeon shows us that salvation is totally of grace, by grace, and through grace, and he helps us see our absolute dependence on God for everything that really counts in life.Grace enables us to be what we could not be, to do what we could not do, and to receive what we could not receive on our own. Grace is the infinite love of God at work in our lives. He writes, ""Personally, I could never have overcome my own sinfulness. I tried and failed. My evil tendencies were too much for me until, in the belief that Christ died for me, I cast my guilty soul on Him."" It was then that the amazing grace of God transformed his life.This faith-building and inspiring book will lead you to Christ, the One who has the power to bring change to your life and your circumstances and to provide you with the answers to all your needs. You will encounter God's grace on every page of this book, and His grace will lead you to cast all your care upon Him, as you realize that without Him you can accomplish nothing of eternal value.Spurgeon concludes his book with this ""Again I charge you, meet me in heaven,"" and, as you will soon learn, it is God's good grace that will enable you to do so.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Classics', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","192 pages, Paperback",4.55
How the Irish Saved Civilization: The Untold Story of Ireland's Heroic Role from the Fall of Rome to the Rise of Medieval Europe ,Thomas Cahill,"From the fall of Rome to the rise of Charlemagne - the ""dark ages"" - learning, scholarship, and culture disappeared from the European continent. The great heritage of western civilization - from the Greek and Roman classics to Jewish and Christian works - would have been utterly lost were it not for the holy men and women of unconquered Ireland. In this delightful and illuminating look into a crucial but little-known ""hinge"" of history, Thomas Cahill takes us to the ""island of saints and scholars, "" the Ireland of St. Patrick and the Book of Kells. Here, far from the barbarian despoliation of the continent, monks and scribes laboriously, lovingly, even playfully preserved the west's written treasures. With the return of stability in Europe, these Irish scholars were instrumental in spreading learning. Thus the Irish not only were conservators of civilization, but became shapers of the medieval mind, putting their unique stamp on western culture.","{'European History', 'Nonfiction', 'History', 'Historical', 'Irish Literature', 'Ireland', 'Religion'}","246 pages, Paperback",3.81
An Introduction to the New Testament,Raymond E. Brown,"Every generation needs a comprehensive, reliable Introduction to the New Testament that opens the biblical text to the novice. Raymond E. Brown's An Introduction to the New Testament is the most trustworthy and authoritative guidebook for a generation seeking to understand the Christian Bible.Universally acknowledged as the dean of New Testament scholarship, Father Brown is a master of his discipline at the pinnacle of his career. Who else could cover the entire scope of the New Testament with such ease and clarity? This gifted communicator conveys the heartfelt concern of a beloved teacher for his students, as he walks the reader through the basic content and issues of the New Testament. While the book contains a wealth of information, its most impressive features are how the author boils down a life time of scholarship into basic summaries of each book, provides a historical overview of the ancient Greco-Roman world, engages in discussions of theological issues, and presents supplementary material for deeper understanding, such as tables, maps, bibliographies, and appendixes. Those opening to the New Testament for the first time and those seeking deeper insights could not ask for more in a primer to the Christian Bible.","{'Nonfiction', 'History', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'New Testament', 'Religion', 'Reference'}","928 pages, Hardcover",4.30
Twelve Extraordinary Women : How God Shaped Women of the Bible and What He Wants to Do With You,John F. MacArthur Jr.,"Celebrated for their courage, vision, hospitality, and spiritual giftedness, it's no wonder women were so important to God's plan revealed in the Old and New Testaments. It wasn't their natural qualities that made these women extraordinary but the power of the one true God whom they worshipped and served.In ""Twelve Extraordinary Women,"" you'll learn more than fascinating information about these women, you'll discover-perhaps for the first time-the unmistakable chronology of God's redemptive work in history through their lives. These women were not ancillary to His plan, they were at the very heart of it.Some of the women you'll come to know include:Ruth (Ruth 1-4) Anna (Luke 2:36-38) Martha and Mary, sisters of Lazarus (Luke 10:38-42) Mary Magdalene (Matthew 27:56-61) Sarah (Genesis 11-25) Hannah (1 Samuel 1-2) The Samaritan woman (John 4 Mary, the mother of Jesus (Luke 1-2)You will be challenged and motivated by this poignant and personal look into the lives of some of the Bible's most faithful women. Their struggles and temptations are the same trials faced by all believers in all ages. And the God to whom they were so committed is the same God who continues to mold and use ordinary people today.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Christian Non Fiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian'}","205 pages, Hardcover",4.09
Stepping Heavenward,Elizabeth Payson Prentiss,"""Stepping Heavenward"" is the fictional coming of age story of a young Christian girl named Katherine. The story follows her life from when she is sixteen, though courtship, engagement, marriage, having children, and the many challenges that she confronts in her adult life. This classic Christian story is told through a series of journal entries by Katherine and is an inspirational tale for young girls who themselves are facing the very same challenges of growing up.","{'Christian Living', 'Historical Fiction', 'Christianity', 'Fiction', 'Christian Fiction', 'Classics', 'Christian'}","352 pages, Paperback",4.23
Desire of the Everlasting Hills: The World Before and After Jesus,Thomas Cahill,"Cahill's most daring and provocative subject yet: Jesus of Nazareth, the central figure of Western civilization.In Desire of the Everlasting Hills, Thomas Cahill takes up his most daring and provocative subject yet: Jesus of Nazareth, the central figure of Western civilization.Introducing us first to ""the people Jesus knew,"" Thomas Cahill describes the oppressive Roman political presence, the pervasive Greek cultural influence, and especially the widely varied social and religious context of the Judaism in which Jesus moved and flourished. These backgrounds, essential to a complete understanding of Jesus, lead to the author's stunningly original interpretation of the New Testament--much of it based on material from the ancient Greek brilliantly translated by the author himself--that will delight readers and surprise even biblical scholars.Thomas Cahill's most unusual skill may lie in his ability to bring to life people of a faraway world whose concerns seem at first to be utterly removed from the present day. We see Jesus as a real person, sharp-witted and sharp-tongued, but kind, humorous, and affectionate, shadowed by the inevitable climax of crucifixion, the cruelest form of execution ever devised by humankind. Mary, while not quite the ""perpetual virgin"" of popular piety, is a vivid presence and forceful influence on her son. And the apostle Paul, the carrier of Jesus' message and most important figure in the early Jesus movement (which became Christianity), finds rehabilitation in Cahill's realistic, revealing portrait of him.The third volume in the Hinges of History series, this unique presentation of Jesus and his times is for believers and nonbelievers alike (for Jews and Christians, it is intended by the author as an act of reconciliation). With the same lively narration and irresistible perceptions that characterize How the Irish Saved Civilization and The Gifts of the Jews, Thomas Cahill invites readers into an ancient world to commune with some of the most influential people who ever lived.","{'Nonfiction', 'History', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'World History', 'Spirituality', 'Religion'}","353 pages, Paperback",3.96
Christ and Culture,H. Richard Niebuhr,"This 50th-anniversary edition, with a new foreword by the distinguished historian Martin E. Marty, who regards this book as one of the most vital books of our time, as well as an introduction by the author never before included in the book, and a new preface by James Gustafson, the premier Christian ethicist who is considered Niebuhr’s contemporary successor, poses the challenge of being true to Christ in a materialistic age to an entirely new generation of Christian readers.","{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Cultural', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","304 pages, Paperback",3.91
Can Man Live Without God,Ravi Zacharias,"In this brilliant and compelling defense of the Christian faith, Ravi Zacharias shows how affirming the reality of God's existence matters urgently in our everyday lives. According to Zacharias, how you answer the questions of God's existence will impact your relationship with others, your commitment to integrity, your attitude toward morality, and your perception of truth.","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","240 pages, Paperback",4.30
"The Philokalia, Volume 1: The Complete Text",G.E.H. Palmer,"The Philokalia is a collection of texts written between the fourth and the fifteenth centuries by spiritual masters of the Orthodox Christian tradition. First published in Greek in 1782, then translated into Slavonic and later into Russian, The Philokalia has exercised an influence in the recent history of the Orthodox Church far greater than that of any book apart from the Bible. It is concerned with themes of universal importance: how man may develop his inner powers and awake from illusion; how he may overcome fragmentation and achieve spiritual wholeness; how he may attain the life of contemplative stillness and union with God.""This excellent English translation, which takes into account the latest scholarly research into the original works, represents a major 'gift' from the wise men of the East. The fluency of the literary style of this translation and the practical understanding which these writings reveal for the spiritual predicaments facing each Christian in every generation brings the book well within the range of the ordinary reader who seeks spiritual counsel. The complete Philokalia covers the period from the fourth to the fifteenth century. Volume One . . . takes us up to the eighth century and is thus the common heritage of Orthodox and Catholics."" - Chrysostom","{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","384 pages, Paperback",4.49
Live No Lies: Recognize and Resist the Three Enemies That Sabotage Your Peace,John Mark Comer,"We are at war. Not with a foreign government or domestic terrorists or a creepy new artificial intelligence hell-bent on taking over the world. No, it's a war we feel deep inside our own chests: we are at war with lies.The problem isn't so much that we tell lies but that we live them. We let them into our bodies, and they sabotage our peace. All around us in the culture and deep within our own body memories are lies: deceptive ideas that wreak havoc on our emotional health and spiritual well-being, and deceptive ideas about who God is, who we are, and what the good life truly is.The choice is not whether to fight or not fight, but whether we win or surrender.Ancient apprentices of Jesus developed a paradigm for this war; they spoke of the three enemies of the soul: the devil, the flesh, and the world. Live No Lies taps into this ancient wisdom from saints of the Way and translates the three enemies for the modern era, with all its secularism and sophistication. As a generation, we chuckle at the devil as a premodern myth, we are confused by Scripture's teaching on the flesh in an age where sensual indulgence is a virtue not a vice, and we have little to no category for the New Testament concept of the world.John Mark Comer combines cultural analysis with spiritual formation. He identifies the role lies play in our spiritual deformation and lays out a strategic plan to overcome them.Do you feel the tug-of-war in your own heart, the inner conflict between truth and lies? The spirit and the flesh? The Way of Jesus and the world? It's time to start winning. It's time to live no lies...","{'Audiobook', 'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian'}","336 pages, Hardcover",4.51
Humble Roots: How Humility Grounds and Nourishes Your Soul,Hannah Anderson,"Feeling worn thin? Come find rest.The Blue Ridge Parkway meanders through miles of rolling Virginia mountains. It's a route made famous by natural beauty and the simple rhythms of rural life.And it's in this setting that Hannah Anderson began her exploration of what it means to pursue a life of peace and humility. Fighting back her own sense of restlessness and anxiety, she finds herself immersed in the world outside, discovering a classroom full of forsythia, milkweed, and a failed herb garden. Lessons about soil preparation, sour mulch, and grapevine blights reveal the truth about our dependence on God, finding rest, and fighting discontentment.Humble Roots is part theology of incarnation and part stroll through the fields and forest. Anchored in the teaching of Jesus, Anderson explores how cultivating humility - not scheduling, strict boundaries, or increased productivity - leads to peace. ""Come unto me, all who labor and are heavy laden,"" Jesus invites us, ""and you will find rest for your souls.""So come. Learn humility from the lilies of the field and from the one who is humility himself. Remember who you are and who you are not, and rediscover the rest that comes from belonging to him.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","205 pages, Paperback",4.42
Gods at War: Defeating the Idols that Battle for Your Heart,Kyle Idleman,"In gods at war , Kyle Idleman, bestselling author of not a fan , helps every believer recognize there are false gods at war within each of us, and they battle for the place of glory and control in our lives. What keeps us from truly following Jesus is that our hearts are pursuing something or someone else. While these pursuits may not be the “graven images” of old, they are in fact modern day idols. Behind the sin you’re struggling with, the discouragement you’re dealing with, the lack of purpose you’re living with is a false god that is winning the war for your heart. According to Idleman, idolatry isn’t an issue―it is the issue. By asking insightful questions, Idleman reveals which false gods each of us are allowing on the throne of our lives. What do you sacrifice for? What makes you mad? What do you worry about? Whose applause do you long for? We’re all wired for worship, but we often end up valuing and honoring the idols of money, sex, food, romance, success and many others that keep us from the intimate relationship with God that we desire. Using true, powerful and honest testimonies of those who have struggled in each area , gods at war illustrates a clear path away from the heartache of our 21st century idolatry back to the heart of God – enabling us to truly be completely committed followers of Jesus.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","240 pages, Paperback",4.25
Lit!: A Christian Guide to Reading Books,Tony Reinke,"Whether books are your addiction or your phobia, Lit! offers up solid advice to help you think about reading in fresh ways.With all the practical suggestions built on a firm gospel foundation, this book will help you flourish in the essential skills necessary for a balanced reading diet of Scripture, serious works of theology, and moving devotional works, but without overlooking the importance of how-to books from expert practitioners, the storytelling genius of historians, and rich novels written by skilled artists of fiction.Literature scholar Leland Ryken calls Lit! “a triumph of scholarship,” but mostly it’s a practical and unpretentious book about the most urgent skills you need to enjoy a luminously literate life in honor of God.","{'Nonfiction', 'Books About Books', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian'}","208 pages, Paperback",4.16
Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith,Anne Lamott,"From the New York Times bestselling author of Hallelujah Anyway and Help, Thanks, Wow, a spiritual antidote to anxiety and despair in increasingly fraught times.As Anne Lamott knows, the world is a dangerous place. Terrorism and war have become the new normal. Environmental devastation looms even closer. And there are personal demands on her faith as well: getting older; her mother's Alzheimer's; her son's adolescence; and the passing of friends and time.Fortunately for those of us who are anxious about the state of the world, whose parents are also aging and dying, whose children are growing harder to recognize as they become teenagers, Plan B offers hope that we’re not alone in the midst of despair. It shares with us Lamott's ability to comfort and to make us laugh despite the grim realities.Anne Lamott is one of our most beloved writers, and Plan B is a book more necessary now than ever. It is further evidence that, as The New Yorker has written, ""Anne Lamott is a cause for celebration.""","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Religion', 'Spirituality', 'Memoir', 'Essays', 'Christian'}","320 pages, Paperback",4.04
The Kingdom of the Cults,Walter Ralston Martin,"The authoritative reference work on major cult systems for nearly forty years. Working closely together, Ravi Zacharias and Managing Editors Jill and Kevin Rische (daughter of Dr. Martin) have updated and augmented the work with new material. This book will continue as a crucial tool in countercult ministry and in evangelism for years to come. Among cults and religions included are: Jehovah's Witnesses, Mormonism, New Age Cults, the Unification Church, Baha'i Faith, Hinduism, Buddhism, Islam, and more.","{'Nonfiction', 'Cults', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Reference', 'Christian'}","704 pages, Paperback",4.24
Where the Light Fell,Philip Yancey,"In this searing meditation on the bonds of family and the allure of extremist faith, one of today's most celebrated Christian writers recounts his unexpected journey from a strict fundamentalist upbringing to a life of compassion and grace--a revelatory memoir in the tradition of Educated and Hillbilly Elegy.Raised by an impoverished widow who earned room and board as a Bible teacher in 1950s Atlanta, Philip Yancey and his brother, Marshall, found ways to venture out beyond the confines of their eight-foot-wide trailer. But when Yancey was in college, he uncovered a shocking secret about his father's death--a secret that began to illuminate the motivations that drove his mother to extreme, often hostile religious convictions and a belief that her sons had been ordained for a divine cause.Searching for answers, Yancey dives into his family origins, taking us on an evocative journey from the backwoods of the Bible Belt to the bustling streets of Philadelphia; from trailer parks to church sanctuaries; from family oddballs to fire-and-brimstone preachers and childhood awakenings through nature, music, and literature. In time, the weight of religious and family pressure sent both sons on opposite paths--one toward healing from the impact of what he calls a ""toxic faith,"" the other into a self-destructive spiral.Where the Light Fell is a gripping family narrative set against a turbulent time in post-World War II America, shaped by the collision of Southern fundamentalism with the mounting pressures of the civil rights movement and Sixties-era forces of social change. In piecing together his fragmented personal history and his search for redemption, Yancey gives testament to the enduring power of our hunger for truth and the possibility of faith rooted in grace instead of fear.""I truly believe this is the one book I was put on earth to write,"" says Yancey. ""So many of the strands from my childhood—racial hostility, political division, culture wars—have resurfaced in modern form. Looking back points me forward.""","{'Nonfiction', 'Biography Memoir', 'Faith', 'Biography', 'Christianity', 'Memoir', 'Christian'}","320 pages, Hardcover",4.53
Love Thy Body: Answering Hard Questions about Life and Sexuality,Nancy R. Pearcey,"Are transgender people discovering their authentic self? Is the hookup culture really liberating? Does abortion lead to equality for women? Does homosexuality contradict our biological sex?In Love Thy Body, bestselling and award-winning author Nancy Pearcey takes on the hard questions about life and sexuality. A two-time winner of the ECPA Gold Medallion Award, Pearcey has been hailed by The Economist as ""America's preeminent evangelical Protestant female intellectual."" In Love Thy Body she offers a respectful but riveting exposE of the secular worldview that lies behind trendy slogans and political talking points. A former agnostic, Pearcey is a sensitive guide to the secular ideas that shape current debates. She empowers readers to intelligently and compassionately engage today's most controversial moral and social challenges.In a surprise shattering of stereotypes, Pearcey demonstrates that while secularism promises much, in reality it delivers little. She turns the tables on stereotypes that portray Christianity as harsh and bigoted, and invites a fresh look at its holistic, life-affirming principles: it is a worldview that matches the real world and fits with human experience.All along, Pearcey keeps readers entranced with gripping stories of real people wrestling with hard questions in their own lives--sharing their pain, their struggles, and their triumphs.","{'Sexuality', 'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Cultural', 'Christian'}","336 pages, Hardcover",4.59
Does Prayer Change Things?,R.C. Sproul,"Does prayer make any difference? Does it really change anything? Yes, says Dr. R.C. Sproul in this Crucial Questions booklet. Though we cannot hope that our prayers will change God’s mind, prevailing upon Him to act against His will, we can be sure that prayer does change things—including our own hearts. Plus, it is one of the chief means by which God carries out His will in the world. For these reasons, Dr. Sproul argues, prayer has a vital place in the life of the Christian. In short chapters packed with practical wisdom, he unveils the purpose, the pattern, the practice, the prohibitions, and the power of prayer, calling Christians to come before God’s presence with joy and hope.","{'Prayer', 'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Christian'}","88 pages, Logos",4.42
The Trinity,Augustine of Hippo,"Please see 2012 edition of this ISBN 978-1-56548-446-7 'What Father Hill has provided is a splendid translation, made from a trustworthy Latin text, of what is for some of us the foundation work of Christian theology. He has fitted out his translation, clearly the best of the four that have been made into English, with notes that go well beyond the perfunctory and a 38-page introduction that is a delight to read.' Journal of Religion and HealthBarry Ulanov 'Hill has recovered the De trinitate for its dynamism, its intimacy are back; the voice, that of the author of The Confessions and the Sermons, is once again recognizable to English readers.' Journal of Early Christian Studies John C. CavadiniUniversity of Notre Dame 'The volumes on The Trinity and the Sermons already published have set a very high standard in accuracy and a lively, readable and idiomatic English style. They are a pleasure to read, instructive, and, with their introductions and notes, often illuminating. They will be useful to students, their teachers as well as a wider public.' Robert A. Markus, Notre Dame University","{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Classics', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","472 pages, Paperback",4.35
The Complete Works,Pseudo-Dionysius the Areopagite,"There are few figures in the history of Western Spirituality who are more enigmatic than the fifth or sixth-century writer known as the Pseudo-Dionysius. The real identity of the person who chose to write under the pseudonym of Dionysius the Areopagite is unknown. Even the exact dates of his writings have never been determined. Moreover the texts themselves, though relatively short, are at points seemingly impenetrable and have mystified readers over the centuries. Yet the influence of this shadowy figure on broad range of mystical writers from the early middle ages on is readily discernible. His formulation of a method of negative theology that stresses the impotence of humans' attempt to penetrate the ""cloud of unknowing"" is famous as is his meditation on the divine names.Despite his influence, relatively few attempts have been made to translate the entire corpus of his written into English. Here in one volume are collected all of the Pseudo-Dionysius' works. Each has been translated from the Migne edition, with reference to the forthcoming Göttingen critical edition of A.M. Ritter, G. Heil, and B. Suchla.To present these works to the English-speaking public, an outstanding team of six research scholars has been assembled. The lucid translation of Colm Luibheid has been augmented by Paul Rorem's notes and textual collaboration. The reader is presented a rich and varied examination of the main themes of Dionysian spirituality by René Roques, an incisive discussion of the original questions of the authenticity and alleged heresies in the Dionysian corpus by Jaroslav Pelikan, a comprehensive tracing Dionysius' influence on medieval authors by Jean Leclercq, and a survey by Karlfried Froehlich of the reception given the corpus by Humanists and sixteenth-century Reformers.","{'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Mysticism', 'Classics', 'Philosophy', 'Spirituality', 'Religion'}","336 pages, Paperback",4.28
Wise Blood,Flannery O'Connor,"The American short story master Flannery O'Connor's haunting first novel of faith, false prophets, and redemptive wisdom.Wise Blood, Flannery O'Connor's astonishing and haunting first novel, is a classic of twentieth-century literature. It is the story of Hazel Motes, a twenty-two-year-old caught in an unending struggle against his inborn, desperate fate. He falls under the spell of a ""blind"" street preacher named Asa Hawks and his degenerate fifteen-year-old daughter, Sabbath Lily. In an ironic, malicious gesture of his own non-faith, and to prove himself a greater cynic than Hawks, Motes founds the Church Without Christ, but is still thwarted in his efforts to lose God. He meets Enoch Emery, a young man with ""wise blood,"" who leads him to a mummified holy child and whose crazy maneuvers are a manifestation of Motes's existential struggles.This tale of redemption, retribution, false prophets, blindness, blindings, and wisdom gives us one of the most riveting characters in American fiction.","{'American', 'Fiction', 'Southern', 'Literature', 'Classics', 'Novels', 'Southern Gothic'}","256 pages, Paperback",3.83
The Search For Significance: Seeing Your True Worth Through God's Eyes,Robert S. McGee,"We are all searching for significance to ourselves, to others, to our community and to our world. Discover what three million readers have already that true significance is found only in Christ. Robert McGee's bestselling book has helped millions of readers learn how to be free to enjoy Christ's love while no longer basing their self-worth on their accomplishments or the opinions of others. In fact, Billy Graham said that it was a book that ""should be read by every Christian."" What makes this book so uniquely powerful is understanding that the journey begins in a very private place—your thoughts. “When I fail at something, I feel lousy about myself. When others do not approve of me, I can’t seem to get over it. Sometimes it feels like I’ll never measure up.” These are the universal lies that trigger the cycle of self-doubt, robbing you of joyful living. Now, you can free yourself from these self-defeating lies. One by one, The Search for Significance confronts these lies, dismantles them, and points you to a higher truth that is the source of life’s meaning. It points you to Almighty God—the source of life itself. In this re-launch of this timeless classic, you With a hands-on workbook and new, revised material, now is the perfect time to discover The Search for Significance . If you’ve already encountered its life-changing truths, there is no better time to explore them all over again, enriching your life in the process. Your own journey begins with this step. Other products in the Search for Significance family of products include a devotional journal and youth edition.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Self Help', 'Christian'}","352 pages, Paperback",4.14
An Echo in the Darkness,Francine Rivers,"A prosperous trader, Marcus Lucianus Valerian has made a fortune providing sand and slaves for the Roman games. But Hadassah, a slave in his family's household, has enchanted him with her quiet beauty and her staunch faith in Christ. When Marcus' sister sends Hadassah to almost certain death in the games, Marcus feels that his life has been ripped apart. Now he is on his way to Jerusalem to find out more about Hadassah's god, unaware that a miracle awaits him back in Rome.The political intrigue of the imperial city provides a dramatic backdrop for Marcus' spiritual quest. This rich and unforgettable work achieves even greater impact through Richard Ferrone's dramatic narration.","{'Romance', 'Christian Romance', 'Historical Fiction', 'Historical', 'Fiction', 'Christian Fiction', 'Christian'}","461 pages, Paperback",4.62
"Sit, Walk, Stand",Watchman Nee,"An inspiring look at Ephesians and the believer's association with Christ, the world, and Satan.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Christian'}","77 pages, Mass Market Paperback",4.44
Hudson Taylor's Spiritual Secret,F. Howard Taylor,"Discover Hudson Taylor, a pioneer missionary to China, who suffered tribulation, hardship, poverty, and misunderstanding. But at his heart, he loved the Chinese people and learned through his misfortunes to trust God completely. 'HUDSON TAYLOR'S SPIRITUAL SECRET' is a stirring biography that challenges you to live a life of faith.RUNNING TIME ⇒ 7hrs. and 16mins.Public Domain (P)2011 christianaudio.com","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'History', 'Biography', 'Christianity', 'Theology', 'Christian'}","256 pages, Paperback",4.27
Breaking Free: Discover the Victory of Total Surrender,Beth Moore,"A best-selling book now available in paperback for the first time!Do you want to know God and really believe Him? Do you want to find satisfaction in God, experience His peace, and enjoy His presence? Do you want to make the freedom Christ promised a reality in your daily life?In 
Breaking Free
, Beth Moore embarks on a study of selected passages from the book of Isaiah, drawing several parallels between the captive Israelites and today’s Christians, in order to show how to make freedom in Christ a daily reality. Moore teaches readers to remove obstacles that hinder freedom by identifying spiritual strongholds in their lives and overcoming them through the truth of God’s Word—truth that will set us free.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Christian Non Fiction', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Christian'}","304 pages, Paperback",4.38
The Case for Easter: A Journalist Investigates the Evidence for the Resurrection,Lee Strobel,"Did Jesus of Nazareth really rise from the dead? Of the many world religions, only one claims that its founder returned from the grave. The resurrection of Jesus Christ is the very cornerstone of Christianity. But a dead man coming back to life? In our sophisticated age, when myth has given way to science, who can take such a claim seriously? Some argue that Jesus never died on the cross. Conflicting accounts make the empty tomb seem suspect. And post-crucifixion sightings of Jesus have been explained in psychological terms. How credible is the evidence for-and against-the resurrection? Focusing his award-winning skills as a legal journalist on history's most compelling enigma, Lee Strobel retraces the startling findings that led him from atheism to belief. Drawing on expert testimony first shared in his blockbuster book The Case for Christ , Strobel The Medical Evidence-Was Jesus' death a sham and his resurrection a hoax? The Evidence of the Missing Body-Was Jesus' body really absent from his tomb? The Evidence of Appearances-Was Jesus seen alive after his death on the cross? Written in a hard-hitting journalistic style, The Case for Easter probes the core issues of the resurrection. Jesus Christ, risen from the superstitious myth or life-changing reality? The evidence is in. The verdict is up to you.","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Christian Non Fiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","95 pages, Mass Market Paperback",4.25
All My Knotted-Up Life: A Memoir,Beth Moore,"New York Times, Publishers Weekly, and Wall Street Journal bestseller!An incredibly thoughtful, disarmingly funny, and intensely vulnerable glimpse into the life and ministry of a woman familiar to many but known by few.“It’s a peculiar thing, this having lived long enough to take a good look back. We go from knowing each other better than we know ourselves to barely sure if we know each other at all, to precisely sure that we don’t. All my knotted-up life I’ve longed for the sanity and simplicity of knowing who’s good and who’s bad. I’ve wanted to know this about myself as much as anyone. This was not theological. It was strictly relational. God could do what he wanted with eternity. I was just trying to make it here in the meantime. As benevolent as he has been in a myriad of ways, God has remained aloof on this uncomplicated request .” – Beth MooreNew York Times best-selling author, speaker, visionary, and founder of Living Proof Ministries Beth Moore has devoted her whole life to helping women across the globe come to know the transforming power of Jesus. An established writer of many acclaimed books and Bible studies for women on spiritual growth and personal development, Beth now unveils her own story in a much-anticipated debut memoir.All My Knotted-Up Life All My Knotted-Up Life is told with surprising candor about some of the personal heartbreaks and behind-the-scenes challenges that have marked Beth’s life. But beyond that, it’s a beautifully crafted portrait of resilience and survival, a poignant reminder of God’s enduring faithfulness, and proof positive that if we ever truly took the time to hear people’s full stories . . . we’d all walk around slack-jawed.","{'Audiobook', 'Nonfiction', 'Biography Memoir', 'Faith', 'Biography', 'Memoir', 'Christian'}","293 pages, Hardcover",4.52
Does Jesus Really Love Me?: A Gay Christian's Pilgrimage in Search of God in America,Jeff Chu,"Does Jesus Really Love Me?: A Gay Christian's Pilgrimage in Search of God in America is part memoir and part investigative analysis that explores the explosive and confusing intersection of faith, politics, and sexuality in Christian America. The quest to find an answer is at the heart of Does Jesus Really Love Me? —a personal journey of belief, an investigation, and a portrait of a faith and a nation at odds by award-winning reporter Jeff Chu. From Brooklyn to Nashville to California, from Westboro Baptist Church and their “God Hates Fags” protest signs, to the pioneering Episcopalian bishop Mary Glasspool—who proclaims a message of liberation and divine love, Chu captures spiritual snapshots of Christian America at a remarkable moment, when tensions between both sides in the culture wars have rarely been higher. Funny and heartbreaking, perplexing and wise, Does Jesus Really Love Me? is an intellectual, emotional, and spiritual pilgrimage that reveals a nation in crisis.","{'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Memoir', 'LGBT', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","368 pages, Hardcover",4.18
Washed and Waiting: Reflections on Christian Faithfulness and Homosexuality,Wesley Hill,"""Gay,"" ""Christian,"" and “celibate” don't often appear in the same sentence. Yet many who sit next to us in the pew at church fit that description, says author Wesley Hill. As a celibate gay Christian, Hill gives us a glimpse of what it looks like to wrestle firsthand with God's ""No"" to same-sex relationships. What does it mean for gay Christians to live faithful to God while struggling with the challenge of their homosexuality? What is God's will for believers who experience same-sex desires? Those who choose celibacy are often left to deal with loneliness and the hunger for relationships. How can gay Christians experience God's favor and blessing in the midst of a struggle that for many brings a crippling sense of shame and guilt? Weaving together reflections from his own life and the lives of other Christians, such as Henri Nouwen and Gerard Manley Hopkins, Hill offers a fresh perspective on these questions. He advocates neither unqualified ""healing"" for those who struggle, nor their accommodation to temptation, but rather faithfulness in the midst of brokenness. ""I hope this book may encourage other homosexual Christians to take the risky step of opening up their lives to others in the body of Christ,"" Hill writes. ""In so doing, they may find, as I have, by grace, that being known is spiritually healthier than remaining behind closed doors, that the light is better than the darkness.""","{'Sexuality', 'Nonfiction', 'Memoir', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","160 pages, Paperback",4.23
The Book of Enoch,Anonymous,"Rife with concepts of original sin, fallen angels, demonology, resurrection, and the last judgment, The Book of Enoch is a vital document to the origins of Christianity.  Today, it remains a written remnant of the Apocalypse — an ardent testament to hope and the triumph of good over evil in the dawning of a world to come. R. H. Charles provides a definitive translation of one of the most noted apocalyptic works still in existence. Often described as ""the lost book"" of the Bible ,  The Book of Enoch  seems to have been written in Palestine by several different authors in the first and second centuries B.C. For hundreds of years it was accepted as scriptural canon by the early church fathers, but it was rejected by the council of Laodicea in A.D. 364 and is mostly excluded from Christian biblical canons.It is comprised of various monumental works : The Book of Enoch , which tells the story of fallen angels (the Watchers) taking human wives and breeding giants (Nephilim); The Book of Parables , which describes Enoch's journey through heaven and hell and the destiny of the fallen angels and kings of the earth; The Book of the Courses of the Heavenly Luminaries (The Astronomical Book) , which explains the movement of heavenly bodies and predicts future events; The Dream Visions, The Concluding Section (The Epistle of Enoch) ; Enoch’s advice to his sons urging repentance and warns against sin ,  and  The Noah Fragments .This edition provides a well-researched introduction placing The Book of Enoch in its historical context, highlighting its importance for scholars of religious history and early Christianity. With Charles's authoritative translation and insightful annotations, this edition sheds light on one of history's most enigmatic writings. ","{'Nonfiction', 'Occult', 'History', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Mythology'}","160 pages, Paperback",3.99
Orthodoxy and the Religion of the Future,Seraphim Rose,"The psychic phenomena of today are symptoms of the emergence of a new spirituality that is molding the world religion of the future—phenomena such as Yoga, Zen, Tantra, Transcendental Meditation, Guru Maharaj-ji, Hare Krishna, UFO’s, the Charismatic Movement, and Jonestown.“None of these by itself … has a crucial significance in the spiritual makeup of contemporary man; but each one in its own way typifies the striving of men today to find a new spiritual path, distinct from the Christianity of yesterday, and the sum of them together reveals a frightening unity of purpose whose final end seems just now to be looming above the horizon.”–Fr. Seraphim RoseThis work is a concise and unequivocal Orthodox statement on contemporary trends; its urgent message rings loud and clear. Viewed from the foundation of patristic teaching, many of the spiritual movements of today are seen to be spiritual deceptions which have existed since the beginning of the Church—and not achievements of a “new religious consciousness.” Addressing soberly and directly the trends of pseudo-spirituality which appear enticing today, ORTHODOXY AND THE RELIGION OF THE FUTURE provides a beacon of discernment in these times of widespread deception.ORTHODOXY AND THE RELIGION OF THE FUTURE examines a broad spectrum of issues facing modern Christians—each from the perspective of the early Church Fathers. As the “New Age” is becoming a household concept and is moving into wider acceptance by mainstream society, the “new religious consciousness” can be seen progressing precisely along the lines described by the late Fr. Seraphim. Included in this edition is an epilogue that chronicles the signs of the religion of the future that have made their appearance since this book was first published.","{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Philosophy', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","242 pages, Paperback",4.33
How the Catholic Church Built Western Civilization,Thomas E. Woods Jr,"Ask a college student today what he knows about the Catholic Church and his answer might come down to one word: ""corruption."" But that one word should be ""civilization."" Western civilization has given us the miracles of modern science, the wealth of free-market economics, the security of the rule of law, a unique sense of human rights and freedom, charity as a virtue, splendid art and music, a philosophy grounded in reason, and innumerable other gifts that we take for granted as the wealthiest and most powerful civilization in history. But what is the ultimate source of these gifts? Bestselling author and professor Thomas E. Woods, Jr. provides the long neglected answer: the Catholic Church. Woods’s story goes far beyond the familiar tale of monks copying manuscripts and preserving the wisdom of classical antiquity. In How the Catholic Church Built Western Civilization, you’ll learn: · Why modern science was born in the Catholic Church · How Catholic priests developed the idea of free-market economics five hundred years before Adam Smith · How the Catholic Church invented the university · Why what you know about the Galileo affair is wrong · How Western law grew out of Church canon law · How the Church humanized the West by insisting on the sacredness of all human life No institution has done more to shape Western civilization than the two-thousand-year-old Catholic Church—and in ways that many of us have forgotten or never known. How the Catholic Church Built Western Civilization is essential reading for recovering this lost truth.","{'Nonfiction', 'History', 'Theology', 'Catholic', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","280 pages, Hardcover",4.12
It's NOT About ME: Rescue From the Life We Thought Would Make Us Happy,Max Lucado,Best-selling author Max Lucado challenges us to make a major shift in our thinking and realize It's Not About Me,"{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","173 pages, Hardcover",4.22
The Spiral Staircase: My Climb Out of Darkness,Karen Armstrong,"NATIONAL BESTSELLER • The New York Times bestselling author of A History of God delivers the gripping, inspirational story about her own search for God.  “A story about becoming human, being recognized, finally recognizing oneself…. It fills the reader with hope.” — The Washington Post Book WorldIn 1962, at age seventeen, Karen Armstrong entered a convent, eager to meet God. After seven brutally unhappy years as a nun, she left her order to pursue English literature at Oxford. But convent life had profoundly altered her, and coping with the outside world and her expiring faith proved to be excruciating. Her deep solitude and a terrifying illness–diagnosed only years later as epilepsy—marked her forever as an outsider. In her own mind she was a complete failure: as a nun, as an academic, and as a normal woman capable of intimacy. Her future seemed very much in question until she stumbled into comparative theology. What she found, in learning, thinking, and writing about other religions, was the ecstasy and transcendence she had never felt as a nun.","{'Nonfiction', 'Biography Memoir', 'Memoir', 'Biography', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Autobiography'}","306 pages, Paperback",3.93
The Bondage Breaker,Neil T. Anderson,>The Bondage Breaker leads readers away from the shadows and shackles in their lives and toward the freedom that comes when they    realize they have the right to be free   confront the power of Satan   fight the temptation to do it their way   trade deception for grace   affirm their identity in Christ  ,"{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian', 'Counselling'}","302 pages, Paperback",4.19
The Orthodox Study Bible,Peter E. Gillquist,"The FIRST EVER Orthodox Study Bible presents the Bible of the early church and the church of the early Bible.Orthodox Christianity is the face of ancient Christianity to the modern world and embraces the second largest body of Christians in the world. In this first-of-its-kind study Bible, the Bible is presented with commentary from the ancient Christian perspective that speaks to those Christians who seek a deeper experience of the roots of their faith.Features Include:Old Testament newly translated from the Greek text of the Septuagint, including the DeuterocanonNew Testament from the New King James VersionCommentary drawn from the early Church ChristiansEasy-to-Locate liturgical readingsBook Introductions and OutlinesSubject IndexFull-color IconsFull-color Maps","{'Nonfiction', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Religion', 'Reference', 'Christian'}","1856 pages, Hardcover",4.61
Prayer in the Night: For Those Who Work or Watch or Weep,Tish Harrison Warren,"ECPA Christian Book of the YearChristianity Today Book of the YearForeword INDIES Book of the Year Award Finalist IVP Readers' Choice AwardHow can we trust God in the dark?Framed around a nighttime prayer of Compline, Tish Harrison Warren, author of Liturgy of the Ordinary, explores themes of human vulnerability, suffering, and God's seeming absence. When she navigated a time of doubt and loss, the prayer was grounding for her. She writes that practices of prayer gave words to my anxiety and grief and allowed me to reencounter the doctrines of the church not as tidy little antidotes for pain, but as a light in darkness, as good news.Where do we find comfort when we lie awake worrying or weeping in the night? This book offers a prayerful and frank approach to the difficulties in our ordinary lives at work, at home, and in a world filled with uncertainty.","{'Prayer', 'Nonfiction', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","208 pages, Hardcover",4.64
The God Who Is There: Finding Your Place in God's Story,D.A. Carson,Eminent evangelical theologian provides a basic introduction to the faith that traces the story of redemption through the Bible.,"{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Christian'}","240 pages, ebook",4.32
"Garden City: Work, Rest, and the Art of Being Human.",John Mark Comer,"You’ve heard people say “Who you are matters more than what you do”. Does the Bible really teach that? In Garden City, popular pastor and speaker John Mark Comer gives a fresh take on our calling and our purpose, with a surprisingly counter-culture take. Through his creative and conversational style, Comer takes a good look at Genesis and the story of a man, a woman, and a garden. He unpacks God’s creation and his original intent for how we are meant to spend our time. Here, you’ll find answers to questions like “Does God care where I work?”  “What about what I do with my free time or how much rest I get?” “Does he have a clear direction for me?”Practical and theologically rich, Garden City speaks to twenty and thirty-somethings who are figuring out next steps and direction in their lives. Garden City is the Purpose Driven Life for the next generation—the book that helps us answer why we are here and what should we do about it.","{'Nonfiction', 'Christian Living', 'Faith', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Spirituality', 'Christian'}","322 pages, Hardcover",4.46
The Next Christendom: The Coming of Global Christianity,Philip Jenkins,"The first edition of The Next Christendom has been hailed as a landmark in our understanding of modern Christianity. In this new and substantially expanded second edition, Jenkins continues to illuminate the remarkable expanion of Christianity in the global South--in Africa, Asia, and LatinAmerica--as well as the clash betwen Islam and Christianity since September 11. Among the major topics covered are the growing schism between Northern and Southern churches over issues of gender and sexuality, immigrant and ethnic churches in North America, and a special section on the split withinthe Anglican Communion. The first in a three-book trilogy on the changes besetting modern Christianity, this award-winning book will be welcomed by all of those who have come to recognize Philip Jenkins as one of our leading commentators on religion and world affairs.","{'Nonfiction', 'History', 'Theology', 'Christianity', 'Church History', 'Religion', 'Christian'}","336 pages, Paperback",3.90
Sabbath as Resistance: Saying No to the Culture of Now,Walter Brueggemann,"Discussions about the Sabbath often center around moralistic laws and arguments over whether a person should be able to play cards or purchase liquor on Sundays. In this volume, popular author Walter Brueggemann writes that the Sabbath is not simply about keeping rules but rather about becoming a whole person a
